0	science fiction ( often shortened to sf or sci fi ) is a genre of speculative fiction , typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology , space travel , time travel , faster than light travel , parallel universes , and extraterrestrial life .	i think science fiction is an amazing genre for anything . future science , technology , time travel , ftl travel , they 're all such interesting concepts .
1	i 'm a huge fan of science fiction myself !	awesome ! i really love how sci fi storytellers focus on political social philosophical issues that would still be around even in the future . makes them relatable .
2	i agree . one of my favorite forms of science fiction is anything related to time travel ! i find it fascinating .	it 's not quite sci fi , but my favorite version of time travel is in harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . breaks zero logical rules .
3	and that 's difficult to do when dealing with time travel . i actually have n't seen the latest harry potter movies . guess it 's time to check them out !	if you really want a look at the potential negative consequences of scientific innovation , what you should check out is the tv show fringe . incredibly well written .
4	thank you for the suggestion , i will definitely check it out !	it blends science fiction and paranormal psychological mk ultra type stuff together , but it 's science fiction at its core .
5	can you imagine the world without internet access ?	no i could not ! i could n't imagine living when internet access was rare and very few people had it !
6	oh me either ! it seems like such a long time ago . i wonder when internet was first created ?	it used to be restricted , but around 1995 , the restricted were lifted and commercial use of it began
7	that is awesome . i wonder why it was restricted ? probably because they only wanted government and big companies to use it at first .	yes , it was developed from a government funded projects to help with universities research and laboratories in the united states ... i am so glad they expanded it !
8	i am too , it makes life so much easier !	what is your favorite thing to do with internet access ? i like being able to use my computer and smartphone to use my email and browse the world wide web
9	i am just finishing my university course and i will be a qualified pharmacist . i am so excited about finishing and getting out there into the world of work ! do you work yourself ?	yes , i perform administrative duties as a pharmacy technician .
10	fantastic so you know all about the field . i completed my four year course and also two 6 month placements but its not the same until you actually start working . do you work in a busy pharmacy ?	yes , i work directly with a lot of patients .
11	your role would be very important with face to face interaction with patients . especially those who are unwell or very worried about a medical issue	yes , it is necessary to develop our organization .
12	i think that pharmacists , pharmacy technicians and all pharmacy staff are very important in society today . society is moving towards more pharmacy care for minor ailments rather than gp . would you agree ?	yes , without the monitoring tasks we do , while checking for side effects , there would be chaos .
13	i agree . it has been great talking with an experienced worker in the field i am trained in . just cant wait to get my first job . i will be mentored first for a year which will be great .	i agree , just wait till you get your master of pharmacy , you will n't need to be mentored anymore .
14	i have homebrewed before . beer can be fun to craft .	basically homebrewing is personal small scale beer production
15	yes , that is correct . and it can be used to make some really cool concoctions .	beer has been brewed by home brewers even prior to commercial production
16	home brewers have been around for centuries if not thousands of years .	when people first started they made thick beers , then fruit and rice wines
17	that 's interest . rice is also very versatile .	woman were the main home brewers before beer was even commercialized
18	i did not know that . i bet they made some great beer .	the reason women did it mostly because it was considered a part of baking
19	red hair is rare but looks good sometimes .	i know , it 's a shame that red hair is only 1 to 2 of the population .
20	yea the really good red hair is great .	agreed , which is why it is such a shame that red hair is so rare .
21	yea i know , i think europeans have more of it	they do , as they are 2 to 6 red haired people in northern or western europe .
22	oh wow thats cool	i know , and the frequency is lower in other populations .
23	yea i think its the genes	i guess so , since it appears when two copies of the recessive allele on chromosome 16 is present .
24	romance is the expressive and pleasurable feeling from an emotional attraction towards another person .	i do n't know how to be romantic . i have trouble expressing emotional attraction .
25	i feel the same . i find it hard to make many friends so finding a romantic partner seems impossible .	the term " romance " originated in the medieval ideal of chivalry .
26	interesting . i feel that today the meaning has been changed to fit with hollywood 's idea of romance .	for sure . romantic love is relative but usually accepted as moments of intimacy .
27	romance can be small acts , like making breakfast for your significant other . but it 's portrayed as grand gestures which are unattainable .	i agree it has been portrayed as impossible actions . love consists of a variety of emotion and mental states .
28	it seems that in todays world it can be even harder to find a partner too .	good point . romance is associated with perfect partners , which is often unattainable . sexual attraction often is stronger .
29	no passages used	hello . i hope you might enjoy or know something about krav maga ?
30	i have no idea what or who that might be . why do people know them ?	i think krav maga is a martial art sport . that 's the reason i picked it . the only other option i had no info on !
31	do you know how long it 's been around ?	according to the info i have available to me it 's an israeli self defence system combining karate , judo , boxing , and realistic fight training . sounds dangerous !
32	it sounds painful .	yeah i agree . it also comes from street fighting . to me that means " limited rules " .
33	i have been trying for years to become a bank teller .	i think most bank job require require experience with handling
34	i agree , i have very little experience in the field , maybe thats why i cant get hired .	most banks provide on the job training for there employees
35	i see , doesnt that cost a lot of money to train employees ?	the law was enacted to establish federal assistance programs to prepare youth and unskilled adults for entry into the labor force and to provide job training to economically
36	that does sound like a good idea . do you know of any such programs ?	some of these federal programs included the civilian conservation corps ( ccc ) etc
37	parachuting , or skydiving , is a method of transiting from a high point to earth with the aid of gravity , involving the control of speed during the descent with the use of a parachute .	i like parachunting or skydiving
38	ive never done either but they sound terrifying , not a fan of heights	but it is interesting game . this first parachute jump in history was made by andre jacques
39	oh really ? sounds like a french name , what year did he do it ?	it done in cotober 22 1797 . theu tested his contraption by leaping from a hydrogen ballon
40	was he successful or did he kick the bucket off that stunt ?	i think its a success.the military developed parachuting tech
41	yea nowadays they are a lot more stable and well made .	yes , its useful for aircraft in flight and save the aircrews
42	hello , do you like true crime books at all ?	sometimes , depending on the writer
43	do you have a favorite wirter ?	yes his name is daniel w . drezner
44	what books of their is your favorite ?	not 's not only an author but also a blogger and a commentator
45	oh wow , are his stories set in the last decade ?	no , he 's born in 1960 ' s
46	denmark seems like a really cool place to visit	it probably is ! it 's actually a kingdom , and is nordic . it is a sovereign nation .
47	all of the nordic places in the netherlands seem really awesome and beautiful .	denmark is on the edge of sweden and norway and germany .
48	i bet it is quite the cold country .	the mainland of denmark is a peninsula and then there 's the archipelago which has 443 islands . the largest islands are zealand , funen and north jutlandic island .
49	that is quite the number , i didnt know that , thought it was just one big place .	the kingdom of denmark goes way back to the 10th century . it was a seafaring country and was involved in a struggle for control of the baltic sea .
50	hi there , i like to go swimming every thursday , what do you do with your week	the name thursday mean " thor 's day " . and i like to go to a restaurant on these days .
51	it does , it comes from norse mythology , thor , god of thunder . indeed most days of the week get their names from norse gods	it seems estonian did n't work on thursday . so a long weekend i guess .
52	oh wow , that sounds like a nice life . are you from estonia ?	no i wish so i did n't t have to work today , i m not even from the baltic region of northern europe where estonia is located .
53	have you ever visited the baltic region ? thursdays would be the day to go i suppose but i do n't know how warm it gets	no , i 've never been to estonia , latvia or lithuania , i do n't know how the weather is right now , but it is very cold on winter .
54	its headquarters are in hershey , pennsylvania , which is also home to hershey 's chocolate world .	hi there , i love chocolate , my favorite brand of chocolate is hershey coming from my local city of pennsylvania !
55	chocolate is quite tasty sometimes , i like milk chocolate now and then .	milk chocolate is definitely great by itself , it can also be in the form of liquid or paste as opposed to just a block . it is also flavoring in certain foods .
56	i can n't imagine consuming liquid milk chocolate , seems overwhelming . have you ever tried cocoa or cacao powder ?	i have , yes ! the process of that is interesting , it is when the cacao bean is dried and fully fermented and because of the seed 's fat , cocoa butter can be extracted .
57	sounds like a very involved process . i 've heard some cacao powders have a lot of heavy metal contamination though .	i have not heard that , so i am unaware . all i know is that the beans are the basis of chocolate and they originate in central america and parts of mexico .
58	divorce laws vary considerably around the world , but in most countries divorce requires the sanction of a court or other authority in a legal process , which may involve issues of alimony ( spousal support ) , child custody , child visitation access , parenting time , child support , distribution of property , and division of debt .	divorce laws vary by state and in most countries . most require a court and a legal process with issues of alimony and child support and visitation . i was divorced in 2001 .
59	woa that is hard , how different is the law now , compare to 2001 when you divorce ? im in a relationship never been married !	i am not sure how the laws have changed but the reasons for divorce can be due to incompatibility , lack of independence or just a basic personality clash . are you engaged ?
60	no , not yet , im too afraid of divorce , i have expierenced all of the reasons you just mentioned , was it to hard getting divorced ?	we were together 15 years so yeah it was rough . we had major personality clashes where we found ourselves in conflict over fundamental incompatibility in our personalities and lifestyles . do n't be afraid though ! it can be wonderful !
61	wao 15 years , thats so much , i cannot imagine getting back on track after 15 years , how about kids ? did you have any ?	yes , we had two daughters who were 6 and 12 at the time . luckily , we had no issues with child custody , visitation , parenting time , child support or any of those issues .
62	i am sort of bored with life right now . i can n't really think of anything exciting to do . do you know what i mean ?	yeah . i know the feeling . it s like i am left without anything to do . it 's pretty dull .
63	what can i do to spice thing up ? a new hobby or something ?	i am not really sure but if you do n't occupy your mind it could potentially damage your health .
64	really ? what are the consequences ?	well , for one thing the lack of simulation could leave to unpleasantness where you find yourself almost craving relief , among other social and behavioral consequences .
65	interesting . so , i guess you are saying that i need to actively pursue something so as to keep my mind engaged .	yes most definitely . boredom is a modern phenomenon throughout various cultures and it takes a lot of effort to conquer it .
66	with everything in the world at our fingertips , i suppose it is silly to even say that i am bored . i guess i should feel grateful .	i agree . it 's a state of mind we at times may feel , but in reality it is just a way for us to cope with things we face in life ( i . e , emotion , objective , subjective , etc .. )
67	chevrolet corvette	the chevrolet corvette is a great sports car
68	agreed , they look pretty nice for an american car .	its also been produced over seven generations
69	that 's such a long time , cool !	yea and the first model was amde in 1953
70	i 'm sure they looked really cool back then , i love classic cars .	yea they look awesome , also myron scott was the guy who named it which its cool that one guy came up with it
71	well he really came up with a great name , as it really captures the essence of the car itself .	yea the chevrolet corvette really is a great american classic car
72	i think im going to wear my contacts from now on	i love to wear my contacts they are so thin and feels like nothings there .
73	do they ever bother your eyes at all ?	no they use to in high school when i first started wearing them but now no problems i prefer them over glasses for many reasons how about yours ?
74	i just started wearing them but sometimes i dont like having to take them out	i do n't like to take mines out either i wish you could sleep in them but they made only for outdoor activities etc .
75	yeah i dont know maybe i should think about it morel	they are useful to us though they even call them our medical devices lol i guess for our eyes .
76	i teach in the kindergarten .	kindergarten means garden for the children
77	what age i supposed to be in the kindergarten	from 3 downwards , what i love about it is that social interaction as part of the transition from home to school .
78	how does social interaction relate to transition as mentioned ?	kids learn to interact with their peers.record shows that the first kindergarten centers were opened late 18th century in bavaria and strasbourg
79	when did the kindergarten system evolve ?	late 18th century . the word kindergarten was coined by the german friedrich fr bel ,
80	hello	hello !
81	i build aquariums for a living do you know much about them ?	oh how amazing ! they must be very difficult to construct . yes , actually i do know some about aquaria , such as the first aquarium was built in 1853 !
82	wow , i wonder how they kept the fish in such great health those days , i 'm sure it was a lot of hard work !	oh for sure ! do you have a small aquarium at home yourself ?
83	yes i only keep tropical fish in it . they are much prettier then fresh water fish , i want to have some sharks in mine .	how cool would that be ? ! sharks intrigue me . i wonder if they have any sharks stocked in any nearby public aquariums . i have a public aquarium near me in boston , ma .
84	that would be fun to see if they did . i would be afraid the shark would get to big and try to eat me !	that would be terrifying ! it 's my understanding that if any of the animals in an aquarium grow too large or too many of them reside in the tank , there will not be sufficient oxygen in the water for all of the animals . so , i 'm sure the size and amount of fish is n't too overwhelming .
85	fly fishing can be done in fresh or salt water .	i would like to try fly fishing
86	fishing ? what is that ?	fly fishing is an angling method in which an artificial fly is used to catch fish i have never been but would like to
87	i have never done that either . can you tell me more about it ? it sounds fun	you cast a nearly weightless fly it requires casting techniques significantly different from other forms of casting
88	i see , it must require a lot of precision right ? i am not very good at fishing .	yes it requires precision but you can do it fresh water or salt water so there are place around where i can go practice
89	i might go practice today since i have time . do you like fishing in fresh water ?	yes i like fishing in fresh water and the fly line they are today almost always coated with with plastic is heavy enough to send the fly to the target .
90	commercial trucks can be very large and powerful , and may be configured to mount specialized equipment , such as in the case of fire trucks and concrete mixers and suction excavators .	i drive a commercial truck that has special equipment on it .
91	that 's great , my mother wanted me to be a trucker when i was young :)	the first semi truck came out in 1881 . so it was well before your time .
92	oh yes . it 's an age old career i bet . are you happy with driving the truck ?	i am happy with it . i get to see the united states .
93	i would still want to get a truck , i love the designs . especially those shinny silver ones	yes designs are nice but trucks are for transporting cargo .
94	yes , that 's true though .	there are many features you need to look at for a truck : power and size .
95	my little pony is an entertainment franchise developed by hasbro , originally as a toy line for girls .	i loved my little pony toys , made by hasbro , when i was a child . did you like them ?
96	my sister was really into them , and strawberry shortcake also . i think i was a bit older when they came out .	yes , they were made by a group of three developers and first produced to the market in 1981
97	yeah , i would have been 8 at that time and i think i was more into barbies . what is the name of the maker hasbro ?	yes , they were such cute little colorful ponies , with bright manes and their own special symbols . i loved them back then !
98	it 's so neat that all those toys from the 80s are coming back !	it is ! there was a my little pony series that came out on tv back in 2010
99	skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard .	i love skateboarding in my free time . it 's a sport where you ride and do tricks on a board
100	yeah i have heard it is fun	the skateboarding market is estimated to be around 8 billion dollars .
101	wow that is a lot	there are a lot of pro skateboarders too like paul rodriquez who has won 8 medals at the x games .
102	do you know tony hawk	yes ! known as the birdman he is a pro skateboarder who owns the company birdhouse .
103	wow i bet they are worth a ton !	i 'm sure tony hawk is . he has made tons of movie and tv appearances plus has video games .
104	burritos are so delicious and full of yummy fillings .	ya . i love beef burritos a lot .
105	i always have a hard time getting the one end closed .	i too have the same thing .
106	have you ever had a wet burrito ? those are my favorite .	ya . i had that twice . it tastes good .
107	do you know what burrito means in spanish ?	its " little donkey " in spanish .
108	is a burrito similar to something that donkeys carried ?	it vaguely resembles the ear of its namesake animal , or from bedrolls and packs that donkeys carried .
109	what do you know about the piano ? great instrument !	it has been around since 1700 .
110	where was it invented , do you know ?	it was invented in italy by bartolomeo cristofori .
111	interesting ! what else can you tell me please ? i 'm so curious .	the word " piano " means soft , and the piano can be played different volumes by using different pressure on the keys .
112	what do the black keys do ?	i do n't really know much about the difference in the keys . other than you press them down to cause the hammers to strike the strings .
113	did bartolomeo invent anything else ?	there were a couple of guys named bartolomeo , one named veneto was a painter , but it was a different guy .
114	scotch whisky ( often simply called scotch ) is malt whisky or grain whisky made in scotland .	do you like the malt whisky or grain whisky made in scotland called scotch whisky ?
115	actually i am not a fan of whisky . i guess i do n't really know much about it . do you ?	i do actually . there are five distinct categories of scotch whisky . you should try them out .
116	well , tell me more about it . i am not yet convinced .	well there is a single malt scotch whisky , blended malt , blended grain , blended scotch whisky , and single grain . there are scotch bars you can try these at .
117	ok that sounds interesting ... what else ?	well all those varieties of scotch whisky must be aged at least three years inside of an oak barrel . it truly is an art .
118	i have a pet snake ! do you like snakes ?	many snakes have skulls with way more joints than their lizard ancestors .
119	neat ! i think i 've heard about that before . i really like the snakes from tropical areas .	and some species have retained a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca
120	wow ! that sounds unique ! i bet some snake species have even gone extinct with similar characteristics .	snakes resemble legless lizards . the difference is the lizards have eyelids and external ears .
121	yep ! i think lizards are cuter than snakes because they limbs haha . though i adore my pet cobra !	snakes can be found on every continent except antarctica .
122	the domestic cat ( " felis silvestris catus " or " felis catus " ) is a small , typically furry , carnivorous mammal .	i adore the typically furry , carnivorous mammal , known as cats !
123	i love cats , too . but i 'm allergic so we can n't have any .	that is unfortunate because they are valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin .
124	what is your favorite kind of cat ? there seem to be so many different kinds .	i love siamese , since they are known for being solitary hunters !
125	what does it mean to be a solitary hunter ?	it means they start trilling , hissing , and growling at predators
126	no passages used	anything with sauce and cheese on it is a pizza . anything
127	when you say anything , does that include something like sprinkles ?	yes , or you can top it with vegetables , meats , and condiments . or even without cheese .
128	i mean technically , spaghetti could have sauce and cheese on it , but it 's not pizza .	i guess , or any italian cuisine from italy .
129	yes , a lot of italian dishes have sauce and cheese on them , but they 're not all pizza .	maybe not , the term pizza first was found in 10th century latin manuscript .
130	ive been dating this girl recently , shes really pretty and i like her laugh , but i dont know squat about dating , have you been on dates ? can you give me some advice ?	sure , there are n't any hard and fast rules regarding dating but in general it is a courtship that involves social activities done by the couple either alone or with others
131	yeah thats true , i guess i should just go with it and just be myself . what kinda things should i say to make her know that im not a creep lol , i just seem to come off that way sometimes because i 'm shy .	well the purpose of dating is generally to see if you are compatible with each other so if you are trying to be someone else , it will likely turn bad eventually
132	ah ok yeah thats true , i need to stop being so shy and just say something but i can never get enough courage , what other dating advice can you give me ?	if you 're really too anxious in person , you could always try to get to know someone via the computer or telephone
133	yeah good idea , i think i can just text or call her a lot and just be myself more on the phone , that way when we meet it wont be so awkward .	just remember to be yourself ! dating is relatively recent in human history , in the past we were told who to marry !
134	blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory , as well as in the rgb colour model .	hi there , my favorite color is blue ! do you like one of the primary colors , blue ?
135	blue is amazing , so versatile but great by itself , not too overwhelming or tacky	i agree , the clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect called rayleigh scattering . that is just the best !
136	you can also mix it with some green or purple to get great shades of blue	purple is another beautiful color ! are you aware that purple is most often associated with royalty , magic , mystery and piety ?
137	yea purple is awesome , it was hard to get purple pigments back in the day which is why it is associated with royalty	indeed , purple was also the color worn by roman magistrates , signifying the imperial color . it 's amazing understanding the history behind colors .
138	they really are so interesting and seeing how much worth we put on certain ones	for sure , even colors that some may think of as boring , such as white , have signified royalty and purity .
139	the piano is an acoustic , stringed musical instrument invented in italy by bartolomeo cristofori around the year 1700 ( the exact year is uncertain ) , in which the strings are struck by hammers .	i do n't play the piano , but i have always wanted to . it 's the best acoustic instrument .
140	i love listening to the piano but cannot play	i just learned that the piano is shortened from " pianoforte " and it 's an italian term !
141	that is interesting . do you have a favorite pianist ?	kind of , my favorite composer is daniel waitzman and he 's american .
142	i have never heard of him . what did he write	he wrote the peanuts theme song which is a comic strip .
143	oh i love peanuts ! i did not know he wrote that	i love charlie brown ! he is very nervous and lacks self confidence but he 's cute .
144	hitchhiking ( also known as thumbing , hitching , or autostop ) is a means of transportation that is gained by asking people , usually strangers , for a ride in their automobile or other vehicle .	what is your opinion on hitchhiking ? ( transportation by asking people for a ride )
145	i do not like hitchhiker , i do n't mind if they try to hitchhike , but i will n't be the person transporting them because there is a potential chance of danger for little to no reward .	i agree with you i also feel that hitchhiking can be very dangerous for the hitchhikers like the three israeli teenagers in 2014
146	what happened to the three israeli teenagers in 2014 ?	they were hitchhiking back to their homes but were actually kidnapped and murdered from the hitchhiking stop
147	wow that 's incredibly scary . i wonder why hitchhiking became a thing in the past . i find it interesting that people used to be so trustful but in current day , more people are wary of other people .	yes , i would be far too wary to ask a stranger for a ride in their vehicle , but in the 60s or 70s i 'd imagine it felt very safe
148	hitchhiking seems like an unstable way to travel too since getting a bus ticket can be cheap as 5 upwards to 50 100 bucks depends on your destination , guaranteeing that you will get to your destination .	yes , however i can see the appeal in a free transportation , especially for students on a gap year with little money .
149	vermont ( ) is a state in the new england region of the northeastern united states .	i 've always wanted to visit vermont . do you know anything about it ?
150	i know the state is in the shape of a " v " , right ?	i do n't know about it being in the shape of a v , but i heard that montpelier is pretty nice in the fall .
151	what is montpelier ? a festival ?	montpelier is the capital of the state of vermont . it 's a small city , but there 's a lot of thing to do there
152	oh nice ! do they have any food specialties ?	it does ! it also is the location of the new england culinary institute so there are certainly a lot of great cooks there .
153	most modern beer is brewed with hops , which add bitterness and other flavours and act as a natural preservative and stabilizing agent .	do you drink beer ? i 'm always the one who ends up buying it . most of it is brewed with hops .
154	i do not drink beer but what is hops ?	hops is a grain that is used to make beer . it 's one of the most consumed drinks
155	so they just call most beer hops ?	no . hops is part of the brewing process . fermentation of sugars in the wort produces ethanol and the carbonation in beer .
156	do all of the major brands use hops ?	yes they do . if you 're interested in learning more , you might want to read fred eckhardt 's book called the essentials of beer style .
157	running marathons is one of my favorite exercises .	well a marathon is 26 miles ... i would struggle lol
158	yes , it 's not easy . i have to train .	yeah i mean marathons are an original olympic event that 's crazy
159	yes , they are boring to watch though .	yeah and there 's more than 800 throughout the world each year so i do n't know who watches them
160	i do n't think it 's a very anticipated televised event .	yeah but the word marathon comes from a greek legend of a messenger so that 's cool
161	yeah that is cool . i never would have guessed .	yeah it says he ran without stopping , hence a marathon !
162	i 'm a bank teller , what do you do ?	i 'm a meeting facilitator and a graphic recorder ! i 've recently worked with small , local credit unions at a conference . is it easy to deal directly with customers as a bank teller ?
163	it 's not too bad , i like working with people . so what types of businesses do you deal with other than credit unions ?	all sorts of industries and organizations , from fortune 500s to non profits . the most thrilling was with disney and cirque du soleil ) like you , i 've definitely got to be friendly and interact with many different types of people .
164	have you always done this ?	actually , no . i 've always been in communications , but it was moving back to the states about 9 years ago that led me to this . believe me , it runs from the magical to the mundane . not everything is cirque which is now the largest theatrical producer in the world !
165	i 've always wanted to see that show ! maybe next time i go on vacation i will .	i have been such a huge fan from the beginning . if you ever go to vegas , you can see several within blocks of one another . it 's come a long way from being founded in 1984 by two former street performers !
166	do you like cheeseburgers ? they seem to be as popular now than they ever were .	i love a huge dressed cheeseburger . traditionally the cheese is put on top of the patty but there are many variations .
167	that does sound good . i have heard there are some where they put an egg on top of it . that sounds good too .	that i 'm not familiar with , but many toppings are included like lettuce , tomato , onion , pickles , mustard and even bacon
168	i love pickles and onions . what are your favorites ?	like mayo , tomatoes , mushrooms , onions
169	i never got into mushrooms . i wonder if i would like them on a hamburger ?	yes , even though a mushroom is a fungus technically , they are very tasty .
170	an artist is a person engaged in an activity related to creating art , practicing the arts , or demonstrating an art .	i have been engaged in an activity related to creating art for several years without success .
171	what activity is that ?	music , a different field of human artistic activity .
172	oh how long have you been doing that ? it sounds interesting	for about 30 years . i have switched between visual arts of painting and music .
173	wow thats quite a commitment you have made	you 're right , its quite a commitment . but i have always enjoyed being part of entertainment business in music
174	south park is an american adult animated sitcom created by trey parker and matt stone and developed by brian graden for the comedy central television network .	im such a kid sometimes .. i love the show by trey parker and mattstone , south park.do you like it ?
175	omg yes , south park is my all time favorite show . do you know who created the show ?	it was created by trey parker . he got the idea for south park from the show the spirit of christmas .
176	i have never heard of that show , who is your favorite south park character ?	ive always liked mr . hankey the christmas poo .
177	i like kyle i think he is just so average all around the series	the first episode of souuth park was aired on dec . 17th 1997
178	interesting do they still come out with new episodes till this day ?	yes . it remains as comedy centrals highest rated show . so far they are scheudled to release episodes until 2019
179	do you remember the episode of greys anatomy where part of the hospital blew up ?	yes , its fictional series focuses on the lives of surgical interns
180	i 've always wondered how closely fictional tv shows such as this one follow the real world happenings which take place in an environment i might never have the chance to fully experience	yes in ninth season the season premiere : going , going , gone . and 24 episodes with the finale " perfect storm
181	well i surely did n't remember the name of the episode , let alone the season and episode number .	ok , do you know supernatural tv series
182	i might know it if i saw it on tv , but i do not know any details at all	the series follows the two brothers as they hunt demons , ghost other supernatural beingds
183	it sounds mildly interesting , but i doubt i would ever consider watching it .	ghost is the soul or spirit of a dead person
184	a dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world .	a dragon is a legendary created , scaled and fire breathing ! i wish i could actually have one
185	wow dragons are pretty cool . did they originate in asian culture ?	the original word for dragon was greek or latin so i ' m not sure
186	i know that they have been a staple in pop culture for years .	the newer dragons shown in pop use a lizard body but used to be depicted as a snake body
187	dragon like creatures were first described in mytholigies of the near east	yes and some european dragons were depicted with feathered wings , crests and fiery manes !
188	in western cultures dragons are portrayed as monsters who need to be tamed by heroes .	i think they are cool even if they 're not real . since the middle ages most dragons look similar . i want to see ones before that
189	hello ! do you like to go hiking ?	i used too when i was young .
190	hiking is a great way to get exercise .	hiking is good for your soul too . you get to enjoy nature .
191	where did you like to go hiking when you were young ?	i used to go someplace in phoenix area . it was a long time ago .
192	oh pheonix , a little too hot for me . i would prefer the mountains of appalachia	where do you usually go hiking ?
193	hiking is the preferred term , in canada and the united states , for a long , vigorous walk , usually on trails ( footpaths ) , in the countryside , while the word walking is used for shorter , particularly urban walks .	i love going hiking ! it 's so nice to hike through the countryside and on trails .
194	i also enjoy hiking . it is great exercise and also a really fun way to enjoy nature	hiking is a popular activity . all forms of walking have health benefits , and hiking has even better benefits !
195	i really enjoy hiking in national parks . i also enjoy hiking around rivers and lakes	that 's awesome ! my boyfriend and i go on day hikes , they normally take up the entire day !
196	i enjoy backpacking as well . it is a little bit different than regular hiking in that it generally lasts longer than a day	sometimes we enjoy going off trail just to switch up the monotony of following the pathways .
197	i love the book so much that even as a non christian it makes alot of sense	i agree , just all the sacred texts and scriptures , even if it is old , i still see it as a product of god or a divine being
198	is there a record as to where the original scripts that was used came from ?	there is not really a concrete date just because many different authors contributed to it , they are not sure
199	ok , is it there that there is a relationship between the first few books of the bible and the quaran ?	yes , they are practically the same , which has caused some weird attitudes from the christian groups , as that is a tough pill to swallow in a way
200	what is the best version of the bible ?	a lot of people prefer the king james version of the bible , which has 39 books of the old testament and 27 of the new testament
201	is it true that it took quite alot of work to make it as widely available as it is today ? which country made that possible ?	there is no country in particular , but they all contributed to make the bible one of if not the best selling book of all time !
202	i like running , except it can be hard on your knees .	oh , yeah , you have to have proper runner 's form . maybe you 'd enjoy track and field , a sport including running jumping and throwing !
203	i used to do that in school . its was pretty fun and good exercise too .	yeah , haha , it is pretty fun . it 's name is derived from the sport 's typical venue , haha
204	i liked the sprints , race walking and hurdling contests . and it got you out of class for awhile .	those would be considered foot racing events , which also include distance events . have you ever won one ?
205	came in second a few times . the first examples are the ancient olympic games in olympia , greece in 776 bc	ah , that 's a shame , most track and field events are individual sports with only a single victor , so it can n't be everybody , haha
206	i love watching it during the olympics . especially the pole vault and the sprinters	yes , the olympics are great , i love the jumping and throwing events which are won by the athlete with the greatest distance or height
207	the giant panda ( " ailuropoda melanoleuca " , " black and white cat foot " , " big bear cat " ) , also known as panda bear or simply panda , is a bear native to south central china .	giant panda is an beautiful animal
208	they are very beautiful . i have seen them really closely in zoos before . they are big too	they are carnivorous animals , it eats fish , honey , fruits .
209	that sounds like a good diet . do you know a lot of other stuff about giant pandas ?	panda 's life time was 20 years it have an black patches around eyes
210	that 's pretty long for an animal to live . do you happen to know how big giant pandas get ?	panda 's mostly color favor is black and white cat foot
211	what else do you know about giant pandas ? they are very intersting animals	yes , panda 's native is south central china
212	a pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person 's company , protection , or entertainment rather than as a working animal , livestock , or laboratory animal .	do you have any pets ? it 's basically defined as an animal kept primarily for company rather than a working animal .
213	yes , i have a dog , a havanese named poppy . she is 9 months old .	that 's adorable . i love her name . the havanese is a type of bichon and is the national dog of cuba .
214	yes ! they are so cute . this is my first havanese . she has such an affectionate and playful personality ! do you have any pets ?	i have a cat named venus . she provides a lot of emotional and physical benefits for me . i love her so much .
215	cats are great , and i love her name . i used to have a pair of cats named dave and dougie . they were awesome .	those are adorable names . the best part about cats is that they 're natural hunters so we never had to worry about bugs or rodents .
216	the simpsons have been such a part refelction of modern american culture . are you a fan of the show ?	i love it ! homer simpson is probably my favorite protagonist of any animated show
217	yes , homer represents such a lovable oaf trying his best to navigate this american life and providing laughs along the way .	yeah homer 's whole character is great . everything matt groening creates is masterful , especially futurama
218	i really would love to get matt groening 's take on the current state of america and our future . there have been so many times his shows have predicted the future .	yeah futurama should make a comeback on netflix , a new season would be perfect and there 's plenty of commentary to make with everything going on in the world
219	that would be great . netflix has become such a wonderful bastion for shows that networks no longer carry but have more stories to tell .	yeah for sure . it 's amazing to me that they used to be the online equivalent to blockbuster , just a generic dvd rental service
220	now they are producing such wonderful content and making a big imprint on the entertainment industry .	i 'd argue that the form of entertainment as a whole has totally changed with services like netflix and hulu , and i completely agree with you .
221	no passages used	i occassionally volunteer in my spare time by giving blood , improving trout streams , or help at food banks . do you do any volunteer work ?
222	not at the moment . i would love to donate blood , but not sure if i can .	well , volunteering is an altruistic activity so it comes in many forms . you could try something else if it might be easier !
223	this is true . so , what is involved in improving trout streams ?	it varies , but generally you put barriers on the sides , add netting to rocky areas , and deepen the habitats so wildlife can live there . volunteer work has many positive benefits including .. well .. happiness xd
224	i 'm sure . that sounds very interesting on what you do to help the trout . i would really like to help at a food bank , but i just do n't have the time .	a lot of volunteer work is done as needed . for example after natural disasters . it 's not a full time commitment for the most part .
225	the marathon is a long distance running race with an official distance of 42.195 kilometres ( 26.219 miles , or 26 miles 385 yards ) , usually run as a road race .	i love running marathons , all 26 miles !
226	i have never done one .	it was part of the modern olympic events since 1896 .
227	that is a long time ago .	yea , i only do one or two a year , but there is over 800 held world wide a year .
228	i should try to do one .	you should , great for your health just start slow . it 's named after the greek messenger philippides .
229	who is philippides ?	the greek messenger , he ran that distance to announce persians had been defeated .
230	i love to eat sushi but i do n't actually know much about it	its a type of rice which can be prepared with either brown or white rice .
231	does it typically have fish in it ?	can be prepared with either brown or white rice.though some are vegetarian
232	ah , that 's cool . where did sushi originate ?	sushi began with paddy fields in southeast asia , where fish was fermented with salt and rice , after which the rice was discarded .
233	oh wow , do you know when it began ?	history of sushi began with paddy fields in southeast asia ,
234	okay . i 've probably had an americanized version of sushi , not very authentic , since i 'm from the us .	interetingly , there is sustainable , which sushi is sushi made from fished or farmed sources that can be maintained or whose future production does not significantly jeopardize the ecosystems from which it is acquired
235	it 's not very popular in the states , but i do n't think i could ever stop loving rugby . it 's my favorite sport .	yes , i played at my english public school .
236	that 's so cool ! what position did you play ?	i was a back . i wanted to go pro in 1995 .
237	very interesting . i 've always watched rugby , but never played . most people associate european sport with soccer , but rugby is just as good ! i wonder which has been around for longer .	not sure but the greeks and romans are known to have played many ball games , some of which involved the use of the feet .
238	hmm , so maybe soccer was around first lol . i 've tried american football , but it 's just not as interesting as rugby is to me . the americans could learn a thing or two from true rugby players .	i like football where you kick the ball to score a goal .
239	hahahaha me too ! that 's really the only football in my mind . american football is just some abomination . speaking of football , the world cup is going on right now .	yes . i want to play for the united states soccer federation .
240	have you watched the epic movie of mobsters , goodfellas ?	i have seen it and i love it . i pretty much like anything by martin scorsese . and i love his work with the film foundation !
241	yes , he does have a brilliant mind . what did you like best about goodfellas ?	i really like the behind the scenes stuff , like the fact that de niro , pesci , and liotta met with pileggi , a real " wiseguy " to prepare . what about you ?
242	i just thought it was awesome movie , but it has been awhile since i saw it . i thought de niro made a great mobster !	i know , he really did . it 's amazing that a movie like that did so well with the critics and academy , it was nominated for 6 academy awards !
243	that does n't surprise me . i think it will always be recognized as one of the best in that mob and crime life .	it definitely will be . i know it 's made 46.8 million and will continue to do well way into the future !
244	related forms of competition are biathlon , where competitors race on cross country skis and stop to shoot at targets with rifles , and paralympic cross country skiing that allows athletes with disabilities to compete at cross country skiing with adaptive equipment .	have you ever tried cross country skiing ? i compete in the sport , there are actually quite a few formats for it .
245	i have actually never been skiing before but it sounds fun ! what types of formats are there ?	well , for one thing there are races that happen on groomed tracks , and then there are freestyle events .
246	typically , how long are races ? and how many people compete ?	there are many different group sizes and lengths of races . there are even cross country ski marathon events that are sanctioned by an organization called the worldloppet ski federation .
247	a ski marathon sounds intense . i 've run a marathon before but skiing one sounds like a whole different beast . have you ever done a ski marathon ?	i have ! it 's exhausting . my other favorite event is the biathlon , where we stop to shoot at targets with rifles . there 's also paralympic cross country skiing .
248	the city of new york , often called new york city or simply new york , is the most populous city in the united states .	i 've lined in new york city all my life . it 's the best city on earth .
249	how many people live in new york ?	a few ... 8,537 , 673 to be exact but some day 's it feels like more . have you ever came to the city ?
250	i 've been to new york city . how large is the metro area ? how far does it extend ?	it 's not that big but dose have 5 boroughs . brooklyn , queens , manhattan , the bronx , and staten island . i live in soho which is in manhattan .
251	yeah but the metro area is spreads across three states .	real new yorkers only consider the 5 boroughs to be nyc .
252	yes but the us federal government legally recognizes the metro area is much larger than that .	we all know the government is clueless . i bet i know 8,537 , 673 that would agree with me .
253	hi there ! i 'm taking dancing lessons and i 'd be curious to know if you have any tips or tricks for it .	i 'm nto a great dancer myself ! what kind of dancing lessons are you taking ? it 's usually categorized by its choreography and movements .
254	i 'm currently trying more simple stuff , like salsa .	i love salsa ! i wish i could learn to do it . have you heard of timba ? it 's a cuban music genre with its own style of dance .
255	i have not ! but i am intrigued by other cultures and their dances , so please tell me more .	timba is a mix of all kinds of cuban culture and dance , including songs of santeria , rumba and conjunto .
256	nice , nice . do you happen to know if any dances originated out of canada ?	well , fold dances are developed by people in certain regions , so i would guess they had their own there too .
257	that 's fair to assume . mm .. can you tell me anything about break dancing ? it 's too complicated for me to learn but i am still curious .	japenese hiop hop uses break dancing
258	adherents of the technique claim that these have healing powers , although there is no scientific basis for this claim .	crystals are really pretty and some say they have healing powers .
259	oh really ? ive been interested in crystals lately , i love how they look especially as decorations . whats your favorite color crystal ?	my favorite are black crystals like obsidian . the best way to use them is to have a variety of colors like a chakra .
260	thats cool , i light the brighter colored ones myself . where do crystals come from exactly ?	depending on the type of stone they can be formed in different places . obsidian is a form of igneous rocks formed from volcanic glass .
261	oh in volcanoes ! thats wild . i hear that a lot of natural crystals form deep underground . have you ever watched the documentaries where they go to the crystal caves ?	i have n't watch ed all of it , you have to pay for all but the first episode !
262	oh no , well that stinks , do you know what is the biggest crystal ever discovered ?	i do not , but have you heard about the crystal oscillator ? they use the frequency it omits to track time .
263	according to international labour organization report , more than 200 million people globally or 6 of the world 's workforce were without a job in 2012 .	i can n't believe there where more then 200 million people globally unemployeed in 2012
264	that 's terrible ! i hope things are improving . more jobs need to be created and corporations encouraged to act more responsibly !	i 'm not sure , but the cause for unemployment are heavily debated .
265	automation , outsourcing of jobs , too many people for too few jobs . those are just a few things i can think of off the top of my head .	one reason is technological unemployment which is the loss of jobs cause by technological change
266	that 's a huge one . even bigger than job outsourcing . governments need to look at training people in different types of skills .	outsourcing dates back to at least 1981 it is a shame .
267	it really is . apparently at t are firing 7000 call center employees and sending the jobs overseas , where they can pay as little as 2 hour . disgraceful .	they need to stop worrying about the pay and give americans the work .
268	it develops , manufactures , licenses , supports and sells computer software , consumer electronics , personal computers , and services .	microsoft is such a big company at this point , most people must know about it . they develop , manufacture , and license electronics and software among other things .
269	yeah , they were very important in the development of the personal computer .	they were a huge factor in that . they are located in redmond , washington .
270	bill gates started the company out of his garage . steve jobs also worked there .	steve jobs never worked for microsoft ? he started apple ! also , microsoft supports and sells pcs and other services .
271	you are right , i forgot he was working for apple . microsoft has a lot of government contracts as well .	do they ? i did n't know that ! i also never knew where the name came from but it is a portmanteau of " microcomputer " and " software " .
272	yeah , all federal government agencies use microsoft software on their computers .	ohh that makes a lot of sense , since windows is so hugely popular . microsoft windows as well as office are so big !
273	what kind of car do you drive ? i 've never driven an suv , have you ?	i have driven an suv for the last ten years . suvs are typically like a station wagon with off road features like raised ground clearance and ruggedness . they also are gas guzzlers ! lol
274	yeah i was gonna ask about that . what advantages do they have over coupes then ?	one feature of the suv is that they are built upright with a tall interior package and center of gravity . they are available in all wheel drive and off road capacity .
275	oh okay , well what advantages do these yield then ?	i think it 's an advantage that they are operated as a family vehicle but designed to used on rougher surfaces as well .
276	that 's true , they can fit a lot more people than most cars so families really reap the benefits	yes ! some suvs include towing capacity like a truck along with the passenger carrying space of a minivan !
277	i love visiting seattle for vacation .	i lived in portland for many years even living there it was easy to see why seattle was the fastest growing city in the us
278	is it really ? i feel like seattle is very underrated in cities that people visit .	youd be suprised how popular it is , especially because it is a major gateway for trade with asia
279	interesting , i did n't know that . what else do you know ?	it has about 713,000 residents and as such is the largest city in the pacific north west .
280	wow that is quite a bit . i am sad that the seattle supersonics moved out of the city .	it is sad that they are in oklahoma now . but since washington refused to provide 220 million to update key arena so they left .
281	yea some things just are not worth it . but the citizen of seattle must have felt sad about it .	yes i am sure they were .
282	a mystery film is a genre of film that revolves around the solution of a problem or a crime .	i like a good mystery film or any move that involves crime solving
283	i like those too . hallmark channel makes a lot of good cozy mysteries . what are your favorites .	there was a time when nbc had mystery movie night . they were produced by universal studios , like 1971 to 1977 . you 're probably too young to remember that
284	a little bit , but i have gone back and watched some of those older mysteries . there was one show that starred pierce brosnan , but i can n't remember the name of it . i watched the whole series and it was great .	could that have been remington steele ? it was like a romantic comedy drama detective type show .
285	it was reminton steele . i loved that show !	did you every watch moonlighting with cybill shepherd and bruce willis . they were private detectives . you should try to watch it if you ever have a chance
286	i have not seen that one , but i love the sound of it . next time i 'm at the library i will see if they have it .	and you can never go wrong with a good old alfred hitchcock movie . he used different techniques to film and would sometimes allow the viewers in on a pending threat and draw it out for dramatic effect . priceless
287	blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory , as well as in the rgb colour model .	blue is my favorite color . what is yours ?
288	that 's crazy , blue is my favorite color as well !	i think it is a vorite of many considering it was even used in ancient egypt for jewelry and ornaments . in facts , the most expensive pigment during the renaissance was made of the color blue .
289	that 's fascinating , i had no idea . i think it is a perfect mix of darker shades but can also be incredibly vibrant . there are a ton of different combinations of other colors it goes extremely well with , especially white and mixes of lighter darker shades of blue for contrast .	saying blue is pretty vague when you consider the many different shades like azure or ultramarine which actually include bits of other colors .
290	right . what is your favorite shade ? i prefer a darker navy blue , or a vibrant sea blue . i am not very partial when it comes to the lighter sky baby blues , but when mixed with darker shades in different aspects of design , it can look fantastic .	i like sky blue , even though the sky actually only appears blue because of the rayleigh scattering effect .
291	hi , i recently lost my arm in car accident .	oh god its a so sad news . how it happended its due to traffic collision .
292	yes , i was n't wearing a seat belt . how common are traffic collisions ?	due to seat belt . it designed to secure the occupant of a vehicle against harmful movement
293	yeah , i should have been more careful . what is another way to stay safe ?	another way is collision avoidance system . automobile safety sstem designed to reduce the accidents
294	how does a collision avoidance system work ?	its is precrash sstem , forward collision warning system , gps sensors can detect fixed dangers
295	that sounds like a really good thing to have on a car .	yes buddy , some safety system radar , laser and camers to detect imminent crash
296	brie ( ) is a soft cow 's milk cheese named after brie , the french region from which it originated ( roughly corresponding to the modern " d partement " of seine et marne ) .	i never really liked the french cheese brie .
297	yea same , its too strong .	it 's just the idea of the curd and warming it to a certain temperature kind of grosses me out
298	yea its also so bitter and gross tasting to me .	cheesemaking has been happening for 5,000 years too so idk who came up with that one
299	wow yea i bet the first time was an accident too .	yeah that had to have been haha . i like artisanal cheese though , nothing like handmade cheese to go with some wine .
300	i 've always wanted to go to seattle . my favorite bands are from there .	me too . seattle has a population in excess of 700,000 and is the largest city in the state of washington .
301	do n't they also have the space needle ?	yes , they do . it was built for the 1962 world 's fair . apparently about 20,000 people daily used its elevators .
302	wow , that 's a lot of people . does n't it rain there a lot too ?	i believe so . despite that , in 2016 it was the fastest growing major city in america , with an annual growth of 3.1 !
303	i have heard that it is expensive to live there though .	prices have sky rocketed in recent years , pricing rather a lot of people out of their homes .
304	does seattle have earthquakes ?	i really do n't know , but as california to the south certainly does i do n't see why not .
305	in addition , reading requires creativity and critical analysis .	i 'm just taking a break from reading a good book ! time to grab a coffee ! this takes a lot of creativity and critical analysis !
306	i do not read very often , but i do enjoy reading every once in awhile .	i love reading ! i have the day off work today , so i 'm gong to spend the day reading i love the deep exploration of texts
307	what kind of books do you enjoy the most ?	my favorite books are mysteries ! but it does take some continuous practice in order to read as much as i do ! excuse me , i forgot the creamer for my coffee !
308	i have never read a mystery before . do you have a favorite to recommend ?	ok , cream and sugar added , now where was i ? mysteries .. i love the jessica fletcher books from murder she wrote reading them and solving the mysteries is such a complex process !
309	i have heard of that series . maybe i will have to check it out .	you should ! they are awesome ! in the books jessica fletcher is a mystery writer and amateur detective how cool is that !
310	i am in the democratic party , an opposition party currently	is that so ? i 'm not an american , but i know that the democratic party is one of the two major political parties in the u . s .
311	so who are the founders of the american democratic party ?	well , the modern day democratic party was founded by supporters of andrew jackson way back in 1828 ! it 's actually the world 's oldest political party !
312	how many presidential elections has the democratic party won so far in the us ?	there have been 16 presidents who have been democrats , compared to 18 republicans .
313	wow , really ? so when was the republican party founded too ?	it was founded a little later , in 1854 . it was actually founded , in part , by anti slavery activists !
314	my brother loves comic books .	i also like comic books , so called comic magazines , i like old ones also
315	they are pretty neat looking . what were some of the first ones ever made ?	origins of comis date back from 18th century japan and after in the 1830 ' s europe
316	that is very interesting . what are some popular ones ?	the first modern one , was released in 1933 it was called famous funnies , it was released in the us
317	i would love to look at some old ones . i bet they are neat .	yes , its easy to recognize comics today the key elements are speech bubbles , text lines and characters
318	honda became the second largest japanese automobile manufacturer in 2001 .	i have a honda and i love it ! honda is actually the second largest japanese auto manufacturer !
319	sweet awesome , you give people rides on it ? i bet those are good in gas	it 's a four door honda accord , but it has a v6 engine , so the gas mileage could be a bit better , but i love the extra kick of the six cylinders .
320	still , a v6 , that is nice . what color iis yours ? i had a feeling they were a 6 cylinder for sure . jealous over here right now	mine is black . i love it ! i also really like honda 's luxury brand , acura . they make some really nice cars too !
321	oh gosh , i bet ! i 've heard of them but do n't know much about them . they sure are pretty though , i want one of those too	either honda or acura , you can n't go wrong . honda is always looking to improve upon their cars . in 2013 , they invested 6.8 billion dollars in research and development ! they really stand behind their cars .
322	a houseboat ( different from boathouse , which is a shed for storing boats ) is a boat that has been designed or modified to be used primarily as a home .	i want to get a houseboat . it is a boat designed to be used as a home .
323	that 's a very cool concept . can they actually be used as boats though ?	some are not motorized and stationary . others can actually move locations .
324	wow , that 's really interesting . where are houseboats most popular ? is it in a specific region , or is it just a widespread thing ?	they are popular in western locations such as amsterdam , london , and paris .
325	interesting , do you think people do it to save money ? i can imagine living in those big cities can be quite expensive .	well they are privately owned or rented out to holiday goers . they usually are cheaper than owning a land based home .
326	i can imagine that tourists would be interested in stay in a boat while on vacation . that would be a fun experience ! what else can you tell me about houseboats ?	there is a houseboat fishing community on the hong kong island known as aberdeen floating village .
327	hi ...	hello ! do you like gardening ? i think growing plants is fascinating
328	i really like gardening ...	what kind of fruits , vegetables , or flowers do you like to grow ?
329	i liked orange , tomato and sun flowers about you ...	i love anything that you can put in the ground and watch it grow basically . my favorite though is flowers .
330	nice choice ... keep it up ... love you	ok ? thanks for the vote of encouragement . gardeining is my passion
331	it was so sweet to hearing ... about your passion	you too , thanks for the conversation . happy growing !
332	she achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era 's top stars , appearing in a total of 61 films over 37 years .	rita hayworth was a popular movie start in the 1940s . i remember seeing her pictures in old movie posters .
333	i think i know of her . what movies is she known for ?	i guess she was called " the love gooddess " during the 1940s .
334	wow ! that is a great title to have ! is she still alive ?	no , i believe she passed away of alzheimer 's disease . she was only 68 years old ... young by today 's standards .
335	that 's sad . was she married to anyone famous ?	i do n't really know if she was or not . i think she acted with several famous people ... maybe even ronald reagan . he was an actor at the time .
336	that is amazing . i forgot ronald reagan was an actor . was she known for anything else other that acting ?	like ronald reagan , she also created more awareness about alzheimer 's disease .
337	i love steak ! it tastes so good ! do you enjoy steak	i do enjoy a good tender steak , cut from the loin , has to be cooked quickly with a dry heat , and well done .
338	that description makes me hungry ! what is a loin ?	a tenderloin or sirloin steak , great for grilling
339	they are great for grilling ! what temperature should it be cooked to ?	that 's a good question . i just usually cook them until they are n't pink inside . that 's not everyone 's preference though . they can also be pan fried or broiled . both equally yummy
340	i agree ! so , you like your steak cooked " well done " ?	i do like it well done , and it has to be beefsteak , not fish or pork .
341	my son collects comic books . what is the hype ?	i know they have become quit popular again after a slump since the 80 ' s
342	yes we go see every comic book movie ...	the movies are great im waiting to see hellblazer , its kinda a horror comic book series by dc comics
343	i just seen deadpool 2 it was funny .	have n't seen it yet but want to , they were planning dead pool 2 even before dead pool 1 came out in 2016
344	lol oh wow hellblazer looks good too .	the magician john constantine should be really good in it
345	oh is he in this one ?	yes he is the main character , he was first seen in the comic book series " the swamp thing " in 1984
346	no passages used	i really like beef . in many different cuts
347	what is your favorite cut ?	i like tenderloin . surprisingly canada uses the same names for cuts as the us
348	that is interesting , since we are so off with stuff like the metric system . i like filet minoin , i am not sure how it is spelled but it is fantastic	filet mingnon is also part of the tenderloin . it is sooo good
349	ah okay . i like my steaks medium well , still juicy , they are so good with a sprinkle of salt	steak is interesting in that is usually sliced across muscle fibers . i like mine medium rare
350	they are often valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin .	i love cats ! i have 3 of them i have them for companionship and for their ability to hunt mice !
351	oh i love cats too ! i 've always wanted one i know they give you " presents " sometimes	lol ! i think it 's cool how they can see when it 's almost near darkness !
352	that is pretty cool and freaky ! i can n't have any because my brother 's allergic and to be fair my dogs are n't friendly with cats . but i feel if it were a kitten they 'd be okay	i think they are good at catching mice because they can hear sounds that are too high in frequency for humans to hear like those made by mice !
353	oh that reminds me i have a mouse that visits me in the winter ! so nevermind no cats for me ! ! !	lol ! it 's interesting how their body is so flexible , and that they have sharp retractable claws
354	have you ever read the book oliver twist ? it is about an orphan trying to survive .	yes i love that book , its really sad though . " oliver twist " is notable for its unromantic portrayal by dickens of criminals and their sordid lives .
355	yeah , i remember how he depicted criminals . charles dickens wrote some great novels . my favorite was " david copperfield " .	really good one i read it too although , i really wish their could be a solution to the amount of orphan kids their is in the world .
356	i agree we need to find a better solution . some countries do n't have the money to make sure they are being taken care of .	while the exact definition of orphan varies , one legal definition is a child bereft through " death or disappearance etc , of their parents .
357	i always thought it was when the parents were dead . in many places the children become homeless . in the usa the government will place them in foster homes .	the orphan trains operated between 1854 and 1929 , relocating about 200,000 orphaned i think i'ts really nice that before and now people try to help
358	definitely . there are many people who can n't have kids and will adopt orphans . it 's much better than it used to be for them .	yeah modern society helps them out a lot in some places but in others it 's still horriblr
359	my favorite food is raw onion . have you ever tried it ?	i like cooked onion a lot . i also like it 's close relatives garlic , shallot , leaks and chives .
360	yes , they are very similar . do you know what gives them that strong characteristic " onion taste " ?	i 'm not sure and no one really knows where its wild original form came from .
361	interesting . do you know if onions will grow in the wild ? or were just developed by farmers ?	they grow wild as well . most frequently it 's a perennial but most farmers treat it as an annual . they usually harvest in it 's first growing season
362	interesting , i had no idea . i like to add the onions on my sandwiches . do you know what health benefits we get from eating onions ?	i know more about growing onion than the nutritional value , although i probably should check on that . the onion plants leaves are a bluish green and what we eat is the bulb at the base .
363	reading is a complex " cognitive process " of decoding symbols in order to construct or derive meaning ( reading comprehension ) .	i really like to read a lot , reading is a complex " cognitive process " , i think by now i have read everuthing good :d
364	reading and writing were my favorite pass times before the internet came along . i still love it but i do n't do it as much .	yes now im using internet , but to read :d readers use a variety of reading strategies to assist with decoding
365	yea i know all about reading online and buying e books , but it just is n't the same . i rather go to the book store and read a real book .	have you heard of kindle , its a really nice reading device kindle devices enable users to browse , buy , download , and read e books
366	yes i have kindle . i still do n't like it . i am 38 yrs old and i guess the old fashion way of reading is really drilled in my head .	not for me , im at the pool a lot , and i like kindle a lot , it haves nearly 5.9 million e books available , one click away !
367	a food allergy is an abnormal immune response to food .	i am allergic to shellfish . that is my food allergy .
368	that 's horrible ! what causes shellfish allergy ?	i have no idea why i have an abnormal immune response to shellfish .
369	interesting . is there medicine or a treatment for the condition ?	i am not sure but my symptoms have only mild .
370	what happens to you when you have the allergic reaction ?	i usually get itchy and sometimes vomit .
371	that 's no fun . is that the only thing you are allergic to ?	yes it is and it usually does n't cause many problems .
372	in humans , usually only pubescent or adult males are able to grow beards .	my husband has a beard and he shaved it off the other day i 'm not sure i like it , as he 's just finally been able to grow a full one .
373	they have been a style for a long time ! i wish i could grow a full beard , i can n't do it haha .	some people think that it 's a trait back from the time when humans had hair all over there faces and body like gorillas getting back to our roots i guess lol !
374	wow ! i do n't believe that , but i can see how people get that interpretation . they have a lot more hair .	and then you have some religions that say it 's essential for males to have full beards and mandate it , like sikhism
375	right ! i do n't know much about sikhism . i know a lot of the old testament people had beards though !	very true it seems in todays ' age that there are still places that see it as savage and uncivilized to have a beard , even stereotyping men as dangerous .
376	right ! i think a majority of the population stereotypes people with beards . it seems like they have become very popular in the 21st century though !	it seems around here most people see it as bestowing virtues on the man , such as wisdom and strength . it 's very accepted where i live .
377	it is a nice day out side . i like it .	it really is . i like that commonly spoken expression of having a nice day .
378	i saw a squirrel today . i think he may have been mad at me .	was it a tree squirrel ?
379	i assume all squirrels are tree squirrels . not sure how to recognize a ground squirrel .	well , they are members of the family sciuridae .
380	right . say , have you seen any wild life today ?	no , but i would love to see wildlife in the central african republic .
381	that sounds like the place to go for elephants . they are bigger than a squirrel .	they are ? oh , yes , and they are very intelligent animals .
382	hello , have you heard of the basketball team the washington wizards ?	i have ! they 're in the nba 's eastern conference se division , right ?
383	yes , i believe so . funny think is that a lot of people think they represent the state of washington .	that 's so funny since they started in chicago back in the 1960s .
384	wow ! i did not know that . did you know they won an nba championship in 1978 ?	i did n't ! they were in three other finals , as well . can you believe they 've also won seven division titles ?
385	wow ! i did not know that . they seem to get over shadowed by the more popular teams that go to the finals every year .	true , they have managed to go to the playoffs almost 30 times , though !
386	were you homeschooled ?	no but i believe in its validity and necessity for some families needs in education of their children inside the home
387	yes , i have some friends who were homeschooled and it was a great fit . hard on the parents , i imagine , though .	not necessarily as the education of the children can be education is usually conducted by a parent or tutor .
388	my friends were a part of a shared group , where one parent specialized in a field and taught all the kids . but others i know only had one parent every day .	were you home schooled ? i know that some families chose to use less formal ways of educating .
389	no , i attended parochial school . i love learning on my own , but i think the school structure was helpful for me .	there are benefits to both or all forms of education as long as the pupil is thriving . home schooling though has become a legal alternative to public schooling in many developed countries .
390	kayaking is the use of a kayak for moving across water .	i kayak at the lake on the weekend . i love the use of kayak for moving across the water .
391	hello there ! i have never really gone kayaking before . i would love to try though . that sounds fun . which lake ?	i forgot the name though . i love kayaking because it is distinguished from canoeing by the sitting position of the paddler and the number of blades on the paddle .
392	i 've never truly been a huge boat water vehicle person . it sounds really interesting . i 'm not the biggest nature person so that does n't help . do you go with anyone ?	yes i go with four people but we cannot be in one kayak together because kayak is small and narrow and is propelled by means of a double bladed paddle .
393	i 'm pretty fascinated by your in depth knowledge about kayaks . that sounds fun nonetheless . do you go every weekend ?	i go on most weekend either to paddle or do some kayak fishing , you know fishing from a kayak .
394	yeah . i 've never gone fishing , but i seriously have always wanted to go fishing . i have no one to go with though . also i do n't like touching worms .	but you can try sea kayaks . but you have to use seaworthy small boats with a covered deck and the ability to incorporate a spray deck .
395	i enjoy watching ice hockey live , what about you . is this one of your favorite sports ?	i never watched ice hockey but i am moving to canada where is super popular so i guess i will learn it ! it 's also very popular in russia and scandinavia .
396	this is true . it is a very interesting sport .	it is and it has been in the olympic games since 1920 !
397	i wonder which team will be headed to the olympics this year .	which ones ? the summer or winter games ? i do not follow it but i know it 's two years apart .
398	winter games . favorite season to watch .	they have been going on for so long have n't hey . from 1924 to 1936 but then stopped for a 4 years because of wwii .
399	yes ice hockey has a lot of history to it .	i had no idea that there is such a thing as underwater ice hockey . its a variant of the regular one .
400	eurobasket , also commonly referred to as the " european basketball championship " , is the main international basketball competition contested biannually by the men 's national teams governed by fiba europe , the european zone within the international basketball federation .	i have to admit , i 've never heard of eurobasket before , but it 's obviously a european basketball thing just from the name . familiar with it ?
401	no , i have n't ! is it a sports league ?	well it 's like the nba finals but for europe . it 's their big international championship bracket series .
402	neat ! i have seen the nba finals before . is it as popular on tv ?	yep , biannually it 's televised with permission from fiba europe , their governing authority . same kind of stakes as the world cup !
403	neat ! i bet people go to restaurants and bars to watch the games !	considering that winning it is just as prestigious as if that country 's olympic team won gold , i would certainly hope bars would be packed , right ?
404	yes ! i did n't realize it was that popular ! how long has it been around ?	well fiba has been around since 1935 , but the first eurobasket championship was held three years later , so coming up on a century now !
405	wow ! it has been around for a long time . it would be neat if they had an inter league tournament with the nba .	you know , i think the olympics might be what you 're looking for there , lol . : )
406	teapots can be so beautiful	yes as long as it is a vessel used for steeping tea leaves , it can have very nice design
407	i 'm very fond of chinese and japanese designs .	same here , history of tea in japan began as early as the 9th century . you can find beautiful teapots in japan
408	true , whenever i look at japanese and chinese teapot , they look like antiques .	i also like yixing clay teapots , which are made from yixing clay
409	what is yixing clay ?	yixing is a city in china , and yixing clay belongs to that city
410	oh okay , neat . do they make special teapots ?	yes they used " zisha " which is purple sand clay to make utensils that functioned as teapots
411	i love watching hockey ! it 's one of my favorite sports	what kind oof hokey do you like more bandy hockey , field hockey and ice hockey .
412	i did n't even think about there being different types ! i love ice hockey . what is bandy hockey ?	i believe bandy is a team winter sport played on ice , in which skaters use sticks to direct a ball into the opposing team s goal .
413	that sounds like fun . i wonder where the name " hockey " originated since there are various types	the word hockey is of unknown origin .
414	which form of hockey came first ?	i dont know that , but the belief is that hockey was mentioned in a 1363 proclamation by king edward iii
415	the city of new york , often called new york city or simply new york , is the most populous city in the united states .	i visit new york city , the most populous city in the us , every december
416	that must be exciting you get to see the christmas decorations ! the closest i 've got to nyc is philly , which is great , too .	the whole idea of the " new york minute " is very true with how fast paced things are there
417	i can imagine . i live in a small southern town , so i doubt i could cope ! is n't it known as the city which never sleeps ?	it is ! they recently estimated 23.7 million residents !
418	oh my , that 's a lot of people ! and donald trump 's from there , is n't he ?	i 'm not sure . nyc is described as the cultural , financial , and media capital of the world
419	london is often regarded as a world cultural capital .	hello ! london is such a world cultural capital . i want to move there someday . have you ever been ?
420	no i have n't but it 's on my bucket list .	speaking of " bucket list " have you ever seen the movie with morgan freeman and jack nicholson called " bucket list " ?
421	yes , i love that movie , especially how their ashes end up on mount everest .	is climbing mount everest on your bucket list too ?
422	no i am afraid of heights .	i 'm sorry ! that would definitely impede climbing a giant mountain ! :)
423	what color roses would you say are the best ?	that 's a great question ! they can range from white through yellow and reds . and each color has a meaning .
424	i 've heard that before , what does black stand for ? i actually like that color .	usually it means undead ! those do n't grow naturally and are a result of hybrid breeding . there are hundreds of species .
425	maybe i 'm too dramatic of a person ! haha , my grandmother use to grow a wide range of roses , but i did n't like them until i was older . what is your favorite ?	i like the miniature roses . they are so small and delicate . compact , even !
426	oh ! i would love to see some of those sometime .	you should check out the rose show sometime ! it 's basically a horticultural exhibition that judges roses !
427	is that view able through streaming ? or a live event ?	a live show ! but it might be available online . it 's often hosted in the uk . a far trip for me !
428	hi ! i am allergic to cats , i guess thats why i like dogs more haha .	do you have the most common allergy that comes from a cat 's saliva ?
429	i 'm not sure . sometimes when i touch a cat , i sneeze there after .	that is an allergic reaction called a histamine reaction .
430	wow ! is it common among people ?	i 'm not sure , in some people , they are so allergic , it causes the person 's airway to close up and they need emergency medical attention !
431	wow ! yes i know people who have to go to the hospital for allergies .	there is n't a lot of public awareness for people with the severe allergy , it 's a shame it 's not more talked about like food allergies .
432	right . i wonder if there are any campaigns for public awareness ?	i have not heard of any but there should be ! they could let people know about the five different allergies .
433	hi there ! who is an orphan ?	an orphan is a person who has no known parents .
434	you mean known his parents ?	typically it means when they lose both parents to death .
435	ok	it 's strange because when we are talking about orphan animals , we are pretty much just referring to the mother being absent . the father 's whereabouts are irrelevant .
436	truly strange indeed ! going by the earlier definition . i thought it takes both parents to be absent for a child to be an orphan ?	i thought so too , but apparently with animals if the female parent is gone , they are considered an orphan regardless .
437	may be that 's because its only the mother that takes care of his kids with animals as opposed to human	yes , that makes a lot of sense . with humans , there are maternal and paternal orphans . i would be considered a maternal orphan since my mother died .
438	i love to play puzzle	i do too . which type of puzzles do you like ? there are crossword puzzles , word search puzzles , number puzzles and logic puzzles .
439	logic puzzles are my fovourite	me too ! logic puzzles were first introduced by charles lutwidge dodgson .
440	charles lutwidge are so genius	the 1989 edition of the oxford english dictionary dates the word puzzle to the end of the 16th century .
441	yes i know that news mee too search on that news	as a puzzle solver , we are expected to put pieces together in a logical way . this way , we can arrive at the correct solution .
442	people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta stylized peta ) is an american animal rights organization based in norfolk , virginia , and led by ingrid newkirk , its international president .	have you heard of peta ? its the people for the ethical treatment of animals .
443	i have heard of them . i just dont know all that much about them .	well , they 're an american animal rights organization .
444	when were they started ?	not too long ago actually . they were founded in march 1980 by newkirk and fellow animal rights activist alex pacheco .
445	oh i see . what else should i know about them ?	nowadays they focus on opposition to factory farming , fur farming , and animal testing . so you should consider supporting them .
446	how would one go about learning more about them ?	you can start by reading up on the animal welfare act and raising awareness about animal rights in your area .
447	i really like ice cream	so do i ! i like to eat it as a snack or dessert
448	same here !	it 's typically made from dairy products , and sometimes has fruit added !
449	that 's true but i really like mine with chocolate . what flavors do you like ?	i like praline and butterscotch ripple but on a hot day , as long as it 's sweetened and frozen , i do n't care what flavor it is !
450	that 's awesome ! do you know how ice cream is made ?	not exactly but i do know it 's made with milk or cream , and is usually sweetened with sugar !
451	marduk is a black metal band from norrk ping , sweden .	marduk is a great metal band but they are very intense
452	where are they from ?	norrk ping , sweden is where they started
453	oh wow , do they have any hits that have made it over to the us that i would know	not really , they are a bigger band in europe , they started in 1990
454	who is bigger , them or coldplay ?	coldplay is huge across everywhere , they are a rock band which is less niche than death metal
455	yea i love coldplay , but id like to hear that band you mentioned earlier	marduk is death black metal so it might be a bit over the top for you , its not very enjoyable
456	i have been studying veterinary medicine for 10 years .	oh good for you , veterinary medicine is needed a lot for our pets especially dogs .
457	yes , it 's a very hard specialty but definitely necessary .	especially when there is pet food recalls and your dog gets sick . in 2007 it almost went into the human food supply .
458	oh my . that 's scary . how did that happen ?	it was because a chinese company supplied the wheat gluten , which caused renal failure in animals .
459	which brand of dog food did it affect ?	it was a canadian company that suffered called ' menu foods , testing showed sickness and sometimes death . crazy huh ?
460	i love watching the tv show face off have you ever seen it ?	i seen a episode or two before that is the reality show with the upcoming makeup artist competeing against each other right ?
461	thats the one , i always thought it would be cool to be one of the models who get their makeup done on the show	i would love that also it be looking so cool and looks so fun to be apart of the challenges that the artist display they are talented and trying to be the winner .
462	i think it takes a long time to get the makeup put on though . id worry about having to go to the bathroom , or eating	i totally agree i would be scared i would mess the makeup up before the judges had a chance to evaluate the makeup the artist did on me lol .
463	i am amazed by the talent they have though . i wish i could do that	i think even if they do n't win on the television show they will still get noticed for the greatness they makeup is different and create prostheses .
464	boiled eggs are eggs ( typically chicken eggs ) cooked with their shells unbroken , usually by immersion in boiling water .	hello , have ever eating boiled egg , ? they are usually cooked by immersion in boiling water .
465	yes . i eat them quite often . i really like them in salads .	i like eating it too with salad consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food , usually predominantly vegetables .
466	so how do you like to eat them .	i eat them with any ready to eat food .
467	what is a ready to eat food ?	like street food is ready to eat food . already prepared .
468	a lawyer is a person who practices law , as a paralegal , advocate , barrister , attorney , counselor , solicitor , or chartered legal executive .	i married my husband 15 years ago . he is a lawyer . he practices law as a paralegal .
469	how long has he been practicing as a paralegal ?	he has been practicing for 5 years now . he manages his own legal law firm .
470	if you could choose any other law field , what would it be ?	probably family law . it feels good to help those in need . i like to inform them of their legal rights .
471	i would choose criminal law , it seems like it would be very rewarding and satisfying .	would you agree that the function of criminal law is to provide a social mechanism with which to coerce members of society to abstain from conduct that is harmful to the interests of society ?
472	war films and epic films often employ background actors in large numbers : some films have featured hundreds or even thousands of paid background actors as cast members ( hence the term " cast of thousands " ) .	i have acted as an extra in several war films . i enjoy it because it makes me feel like a cat with nine lives who gets to die over and over .
473	that is cool , what is a name of a movie you have been in ?	i stormed the beaches of normandy in saving private ryan as an extra with no acting experience whatsoever !
474	that must of been a fun scene to film . did you meet anyone famous while filming ?	well , i saw tom hanks , vin diesel , and steven spielberg on set , but i did n't actually get to meet them . sad day .
475	i love tom hanks , too bad you did n't get to talk to him .	yeah , but i 'm not sure he would appreciate an army of background cast members and extras running up and asking for autographs , lol .
476	i would of just spoke to him , i would n't of asked for an autograph .	probably as an extra you get work in lots of films , so the idea of being around movie stars is n't new .
477	i 'd really like to become a veterinary physician one day , are you good with animals ?	a lot of them work in clinicial settings my daughter would like to be one .
478	yeah i 'm looking toward the clinical route too . do you know what kind of schooling your daughter is going to attend ?	probably undergrad in animal science and then vet school . probably general practice to treat all types of animals .
479	that seems like a logical pathway . i 'm interested in how much veterinarians typically make , but i have n't done much research , do you have any information ?	around 80k i think initially , but job satisfaction can be defined in many different ways , although that 's a big one .
480	hm thats definitely true . it seems like a very emotionally taxing job , but i just love the animals so much i think it would be worth it .	it may be a bit too emotional for me , but there are specialties that focus on things like dermatology .
481	blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory , as well as in the rgb colour model .	i love blue ! blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments
482	blue is an awesome color . it 's associated with baby boys , right ?	that is true , it lies between violet and green on the spectrum
483	how wide is the spectrum of color ? is it infinite ?	no the dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres
484	wow . i love all the colors of the rainbow	same blue has been an important colour in art i have heard
485	how did early painters make paint the color blue ?	i have heard in the eighth century chinese artists used cobalt blue to colour fine art !
486	overwatch or fortnite which do you like better ?	not sure . probably overwatch i like that you 're in teams and that you can choose from over 20 " heroes " .
487	that is so good . fortnite has more heroes to choose from but yeah overwatch has some too . which hero is your favorite ?	i like mei best i think . it would be neat to be able to alter the weather !
488	mei is really good and her character design is really clean . i have never played overwatch or fortnite but i really enjoy the concept of both and how popular they are .	they are really popular as of last year overwatch 's player base was 35 million . that 's a lot of people !
489	not really for a game , fortnite has more player base i would bet because it is free to play unlike overwatch which you need to pay to play .	is n't it only the microtransactions for more cosmetic rewards that you pay for ? do n't remember it 's been a while !
490	community theatre refers to theatrical performance made in relation to particular communities its usage includes theatre made by , with , and for a community .	my favourte hobby is working at the community theatre . i help arrange performances within my community and we present it to the rest of the community for entertainment .
491	oh how cool that is where pretty much everything is done by local community right ?	yes , everything is done by the community without any outside help , but sometimes we do have collaborations with neighboring communities . rarely we do invited professional theatre artists to join us in our production .
492	so is community theatre mainly for enjoyment as opposed to profits ?	yes , community theatres are for the enjoyment of the community . we are a non profit business with large active memberships and a full time professional staff :)
493	ok that helps me to understand it much better , thanks . what else can you tell me about community theatre ?	often times community theartre is used to proote social development such as gender equality , human rights , environment concerns , lgbt communities and a lot of other things !
494	solitude can be good . i had the house to myself for two weeks last month .	solitude : everyone needs their privacy and the ability to get away from their life even for just a while .
495	i agree , to a certain extent . the first 4 5 days i was enjoying it , but then i became lonely and felt housebound . went out on silly errands just to be around people .	that reminds me of bobby fischer having to go out for walks after spending days in his room studying chess
496	the young chess player . i did n't realize he felt that way . sadly , i can n't play chess like bobby fischer ! i barely know what castling is !	lol , it 's just a special move to protect the king , i think . chess is an interesting game , no about
497	i guess solitude could help you get better at chess .	chess : definitely , but it 's much more meaningful around people that you can grow and progress with
498	maybe that is why monks can handle solitude . they are around others , even though silent .	solitude : you know , i never thought of solitude that way before .
499	do you have a preference as to the type of hot dog you like to eat ? corn dog or hot dog ?	i prefer corndogs ! speccially when they were baked in a corn batter and resembled ears of corn when cooked ! so american ! how about you ?
500	i think i prefer corndogs . it 's less unwieldy than a regular hot dog . do you have any condiments you like on them ?	i like them with just mustar like they served them at nathans hot dog eating contest , that they celebrate annually !
501	ooh , that just happened today ! joey chestnut ate 74 hot dogs !	yes ! he was born the same date as me , november 25 , 1983 , he is such an american competitive eater ! did you go to nathans ?
502	i 've never been to a nathan 's but i bet that would be cool too .	it is unique in nathans because they serve hot dogs , traditionally , eating contests , often involve pies at county fairs , i could hold not even 10 hot dogs !
503	the term mountaineering describes the sport of mountain climbing .	hi , i love mountain climbing
504	i do as well . last year i went on a 3 week backpacking trip through the sierra nevada in california . have you been on any trips recently ?	no i have not . what did you like about the sierra nevada ?
505	it 's really cool being around all of that exposed rock . we do n't have peaks like that on the east coast where i 'm from .	i hear that there are elevation contours that follow the length of the sierra nevada
506	yup . there are contours everywhere . they just describe and show a change of elevation of a surrounding landscape .	did you see any interesting plants and animals ?
507	we saw a few bears . that was probably the most interesting . have you ever seen one in the wild before ?	no , was it a brown bear ?
508	i never did track and field in high school	i did not either , i did not have any skill of running , jumping or throwing .
509	i can run but i did not enjoy it at all lol . i was in colorguard .	yes , i did not the venue . stadiums scare me .
510	yeah it 's so hard on your body and what if your knees give out in a later age ? they are very sensitive .	track and field also includes road running . i would prefer that .
511	i guess so , but what is the difference between road running and everything else ?	road running is done on an established road .
512	oh that 's good , i heard running on track is a bit better do you think that is true ? like for your knees	yes but i prefer an established road than off terrain .
513	adam noah levine ( born march 18 , 1979 ) is an american singer , songwriter , multi instrumentalist , actor , and record producer .	i love adam levine ! have you heard of him ? he 's an american singer , songwriter , actor and record producer .
514	yes , he is from the band maroon 5 i think . great voice .	exactly ! he 's the lead singer for maroon 5 . he has an amazing voice ! not many men can hit the notes that he can !
515	i know , plus he has an amazing personality and dresses amazing . i really like his songs .	i really like his coaching style on nbc 's the voice . he 's been on that show since 2011 .
516	oh yeah , definitely . i like the collaborations he has done with other artists as well , like christina aguilera	they 've made some incredible music together . i recently learned that before they were maroon 5 , most members of the band were in a group named kara 's flowers .
517	i did not know that . thats cool ! im looking forward to new music from him .	me too ! maroon 5 has released six albums together , the last being red pill blues in 2017 . i 'm ready for some new music !
518	no passages used	i 'm allergic to peanut
519	really , i love peanut	its a complete imbroglio ! physical symptoms of allergic reaction can include itchiness , urticaria , swelling , eczema , sneezing , etc
520	what ! is that medically related	this is due to due to a type i hypersensitivity reaction of the immune system in susceptible individuals .
521	ok , does it have any cure ?	the body the immune system is a host defense system comprising many biological structures and processes within an organism .
522	any other info ?	allergies could be hereditary , prevention may be partly achieved through early introduction of peanuts to the diets
523	i love dogs , and hope to get a labrador retriever as a service animal one day .	labrador retriever , is a popular breed of dog in the us , uk and canada , do you have a dog ?
524	yes i have two blue heelers currently andilove them .	it would interest you to know that blue heelers is an australian police drama series that was produced by southern star group
525	hey that 's pretty cool , and it has dogs in it ?	its not much of a dog film , the series was one of the highest rated and most awarded programs in the history of australian .
526	and in what channel was it aired ? do you know ?	back to our dog discussion , labradors are frequently trained to aid the blind , those who have autism .
527	regret is a negative conscious and emotional reaction to one 's personal decision making , a choice resulting in action or inaction .	at work i just overstepped my position , i 'm really going to regret it when i go back to work . i 'm guessing there will be negative conscious .
528	what did you do to end up in that situation ?	fired someone with out telling my boss . two coworkers got in a a fight i perceived opportunity the be the best time to get rid of one .
529	how did you choose who to fire or you knew who you wanted to get rid of beforehand ?	i do n't like either but the first person to throw a fist was fired . in western societies adults have the highest regrets and i 'm feeling it now .
530	what do you think will happen to you	maybe i 'll get lucky and get suspended for 3 days . regret is distinct from disappointment but i think i 'm feeling both .
531	historically , horses were trained for warfare , farm work , sport and transport .	horses were originally trained for warfare , transportation , sports and farm work . i love to work with horses , they are so beautiful .
532	i like to bet on the horses during the kentucky derby .	the kentucky derby is a horse race that is held in kentucky once a year in may that focus on three year old thoroughbreds . they sound very specific !
533	yes i have attended it once before .	i didnt know this , but the kentucky derby is known as the fastest two minutes in sports .
534	yes and its always a fun two minutes .	have you ever heard of secretariat . he was a thoroughbred racehorse , he won the first triple crown in 1973 .
535	hindu ( ) refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally , ethnically , or religiously adhering to aspects of hinduism .	hi , are you aware of a culture that adheres to aspects of hinduism ?
536	hm , like the people living in india ?	precisely , hinduism been long used as a cultural , and religious identifier for people from south asia .
537	yes , i recently visited the area . religion is a very prominent part of their culture .	i agree , due to the historical development of hindu self identity , religion is a very important part of their culture .
538	do you know how old hinduism is ?	in the 1st millennium bce through the texts of the medieval era , it is evident that hinduism began around that time .
539	wow that 's amazing . i heard there was a series of old texts called the vedas .	you 're right , vedas are a large body of knowledge texts originating in the indian subcontinent .
540	i am very tall . i stand at 6ft nine inches tall .	that 's pretty tall . did you play basketball ?
541	yes i played college ball . for 4 years and tore my acl my junior year .	height is sometimes used as a name for more abstract definitions , like in algebra .
542	i di n't know that . very interesting . i was never good at algebra .	in space models , height is the third dimension , the other two being length and width .
543	wow . i was n't aware there were dimensions and with regards to space models .	yeah , those are more abstract definitions of height .
544	my name is omar , i 've heard it means a lot of things , but i 'm not sure what . do you know anything about its meaning ?	i know it 's common in arab populations as well as spanish spekaing countries you 're the first omar i 've met !
545	wow that 's weird because i 'm actually caucasian , guess my parents just liked the name . i think it 's also a country too , weird .	i guess the pronounciation and spelling differ based on the different varities of spoken arabic , so there are also omer and umar varients . probably there are many omars in israel , which is what part of my lineage is .
546	oh i see , like how there are many spellings of mohammad as a name , makes sense .	speaking of languages ( kind of ) , i just learned that english is unique in that it 's spoken by many more non native speakers than native ones , which sets it apart from other western languages .
547	yeah i imagine the number of english speakers is really increased due to it 's popularity in places like india and china . it 's becoming the language of the world , for better or worse who knows .	i wish the united states was more open to having more than one language though , since spance is the second most common language .
548	marduk is a black metal band from norrk ping , sweden .	i like to listen to the metal band marduk . they are from norrkoping , sweden .
549	really ? that 's cool , i 've never heard of them before . are they an old band ?	they were formed in 1990 and released the first album in 1992 .
550	wow , have you ever seen them in concert ? are they still around ?	they are still playing but i have never seen them in concert . they are named from the babylonian god of babylon .
551	interesting . how many people are in the band ? is there anything unique about them ?	there are 3 members of the band . they like to sing about satanism and biblical tales .
552	gee , that sounds a little heavy . i do n't listen to music like that . do they have lots of fans in sweden ?	yes , they are popular among metalheads . the founder wanted to make the " most blasphemous band in the world " .
553	it followed the interstellar adventures of captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) and his crew aboard the starship uss " enterprise " , a space exploration vessel , built by the united federation of planets in the twenty third century .	i 've been binge watching star trek this week what an amazing show ! i love william shatner who plays captain james t . kirk
554	i love star trek ! have you seen the movies ?	yes , that 's what got me interested in the tv show i saw star trek vi : the undiscovered country a few weeks ago it was released in 1991
555	oh wow , that 's an older movie . i 've only seen the newer ones hahaha . i think i was too young for the tv show and the older movies .	yeah , the original series debuted in 1966 and was on for three seasons i love old shows , that 's why i started with the original !
556	wow , yup . definitely too long ago for me . i 've seen star trek beyond .	i 've heard about that one it was released in 2016 and was directed by justin lin it 's on my list of must see movies !
557	oh man , you have n't seen it ? ! if you love star trek , you definitely have to see it . chris pine makes a great captain kirk .	i 'll get to it , i promise ! it 's interesting that the t . stands for tiberius ! what a strange name for a fictional character
558	glasses , also known as eyeglasses or spectacles , are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person 's eyes , typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears .	i wear glasses , also called eyeglasses which are plastic lenses mounted in a frame and worn over the nose .
559	i used to wear them also . when were they invented ?	they have been worn for hundreds of years . mine are used for vision correction .
560	oh wow . what type of doctor should i see to get glasses ?	you should see an optomologist . sunglasses allow better vision in bright sunlight .
561	i really should get a pair of sunglasses also .	while you are at it pick up a pair of safety glasses to protect against debris when working with tools .
562	there are so many different forms of glasses . they have so many uses .	the military uses ballistic eyewear to protect against projectiles and fragments .
563	i own a cupcake business , i am operating from my home , delivering them , but im thinking to open a store	that is awesome ! cupcakes are also known as fairy cakes or patty cakes and are designed to serve one person . what is your specialty ?
564	my specialty are vegan cupcakes , also traditional chocolate chip ones , everybody is crazy for them , i have more and more customers every day !	that sounds yummy and like a great idea ! as with larger cakes , icing and other toppings can be fruit and candy as well . so your business is doing well ?
565	yes it is , i cant keep up , i have a lot of variety , i even have agave cupcakes , some people really like them ordering up to 20 pounds of them a day !	agave is typically thought of as south american and tropical areas . how do you apply this to your cupcakes ?
566	its made in a thick sweet paste and mixed with the batter , after i add almonds and chestnuts the taste is perfect !	i 'm very impressed and congratulations ! the earliest description o what is now called a cupcake was in 1796 when a recipe called for a light cake in small cups . it was written in american cookery by amelia simmons .
567	thanks to amelia i now have my business :d i will definitely expand !	i wish you the best of luck on your cupcakes , which has been the name to any small round cake the size of a teapcup . i wish you much success !
568	sewing has been around for quite some time	definitely . it is one of the oldest arts in the textile sect . it actually started during the paleolithic era .
569	wow thats insanely old	it is ! for a long time , they did all of their sewing by hand , which is crazy to me .
570	yea i bet that takes so much time	it was better in the 19th century when the sewing machine was invented . then they could use it to mass produce sewn products .
571	yea thats when things got interesting	yes , but even back in the day they were sewing together animal hides that they used for shelter and also clothes .
572	immigration to the united states is the international movement of individuals who are not natives or do not possess citizenship in order to settle , reside , study or to take up employment in the united states .	immigration to the united states os quite a diffcult process
573	i have n't had to deal with that so i had no idea . what makes it so difficult ?	immigration to the united states just takes a long time and can be very costly .
574	have you had to deal with immigration yourself or anyone you know or what ?	immigration to the united states is something i dealt with as i came here from england when i was 3 months .
575	oh man that 's pretty interesting . its a shame that you did n't get to spend a while over there .	yea immigration to the united states is a strange process , its mainly the time that makes it so hard to deal with
576	i wish i had mustache like every other person	well i do n't have ! they seem to take a lot of work . you even need special pomade called mustache wax to groom your mustache
577	oh that makes two of us but you seem to know more about it them me so tell me more	well i do n't know much more than that , but some people think that shaving itself has been around for a long time . they 've found stone razors from the neolithic period
578	how long does a mustache grow ?	i really do n't know , but mustaches can be found everywhere . even on a 4th dynasty egyptian statue of prince rahotep .
579	what causes the growth of mustache ?	the production of hair in your hair follicles in your upper lip .
580	do you like jimmy fallon ? i feel like late night shows are going downhill personally	yea i feel it too . " saturday night live " just feels so forced and dry for the past few years .
581	exactly , i also feel it is too politcal now , and that makes it sad	i think the six years between 1998 and 2004 were the best but you 're right , its far too political nowadays .
582	that is what happens when an unpopular candidate wins i guess , as far as media opinion goes	fallon has released two comedy albums and five books . i bet they 're also filled with politics .
583	oh really ? i have never heard of those , maybe they are worthwhile !	yup the books are well known for the emphasis on music and games .
584	no passages used	i 've been training for a marathon my city is holding in a few weeks . i never knew long distance running could be so tough !
585	how are you training for the marathon ?	i 'm basically trying to build up my endurance . i 've started by running for at least 5 miles a day , increasing as i progress my stamina .
586	is there a certain training regimen you have to undertake ?	training will differ for everyone as we are all different . physiologically running is really aerobic in nature , so it depends on your personal stamina or mental strength .
587	what is another interesting fact about marathon running ?	well , more than 800 marathons are held throughout the world each year . some larger marathons can have tens of thousands of participants , even !
588	christianity is a abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life , teachings , and miracles of jesus of nazareth , known by christians as the christ , or " messiah " , who is the focal point of the christian faiths .	i have always had a strong belief in christianity : i believe in one true god and a theology based on the life and teachings of jesus christ .
589	cool . is there a particular denomination you belong to ?	no , i believe in the words in the bible the texts of the old and new testament to guide my life .
590	oh . do you take the teachings of the bible literally ?	yes , i believe in biblical inerrancy , the doctrine that says the christian bible is without error or fault in all of its teachings .
591	oh .	there has been a long history of people who do n't belive as i do , stretching all the way back to the roman empire . there were doubters then too .
592	indeed .	like it or not , christianity has played a role in the history and formation of western society . you can n't escape it , even on the internet .
593	i do n't think anyone would disagree with that .	in many ways , christianity seeks to mold your beliefs and opinions , even if you are unaware it is doing so .
594	early prototype motorcycles in the late 19th century used the same principle .	there were early prototype hybrid motorcycles in the late 19th century .
595	i see . who invented this	ogden bolton in 1895 filed for a patent application .
596	that is good . was this product commercially available	i have no idea , however , i can tell you about alexander graham bell .
597	what happened with him . was he an inventor too ?	he was known for being the inventor who patented the first practical telephone and founded att
598	hmmm . that is a good thing to know . where was he when he founded this ?	he was in the usa . he also experimented with other hearing devices
599	sometimes i really regret my decisions .	regret is a negative emotion where you feel bad for doing something
600	yeah exactly , sometimes i just think i could 've done better .	regret is also related to percieved oppurtunity
601	that makes a lot of sense , a lot could be gained from doing things right .	its intensity varies over time after the decision as well
602	i guess it depends on how big the decision is too .	yea i agree
603	no passages used	sherlock holmes is such a great novel series do n't you think ?
604	its really good , timeless classic	it 's crazy to think that the first of it 's kind appeared in the 1800 ' s ! so much history .
605	yea its influenced so many series over time as well .	i bet it is one of the most groundbreaking detective novels of all time . i 'm not familiar with direct influences but i know that there were at least 56 short stories that stemmed from it .
606	the american show house m . d . is baed off sherlock holmes	i 've heard of that show but never seen it myself . is it based in the edwardian era like the book ?
607	no its about a doctor in present time who acts a lot like sherlock in a sense	sounds thrilling ! sherlock holmes is in the world record book as most portrayed movie character in fact !
608	do you know any widowed woman ?	unfortunately none come to mind , but i do feel compassionate towards others for their loss .
609	thats a good virtue.who is a widow ?	thank you . i like to stay humble and keep good morals
610	so you mean a widow is a person who stays humble and keep good morals ?	no i was referring to myself . i believe that widows go through a lot of grief and i applaud them .
611	ok then ! if a woman is a widow , what then do we call the man who suffers same fate ?	i do not know if any name is given for men . i do believe there should be one for men as well . it is an emotional suffering that one goes through .
612	ok , thank for appreciating widows .	i have recently learned that some refer to the men as widower and the woman as a widow .
613	i really enjoy hiking , but there are n't many nice places to do it where i live .	you do n't really need to be anywhere to go hiking , just go for a long vigorous walk !
614	i 've heard that hiking has different names in other countries . it that true ?	oh , yes , in the united kingdom they do n't say hiking they just say walking
615	i hike because i enjoy nature . are there any health benefits to hiking ?	with the rapid decline in the quality of us health insurance , hiking should be everyone 's free health insurance !
616	true , i 'm sure that if more people hiked , we 'd be more healthy . is it a popular form of exercise ?	oh yes , it is a very popular activity with numerous people doing it worldwide
617	what do you think about heavy metal music ?	i like it . you can n't go wrong with the aggressive style of metallica
618	i do n't think i have ever really listened to it . is it alot of screaming involved ?	not a lot of screaming , but it 's a fast temop and agreesive style .
619	more heavy on the instrumental side then ?	not a lot of screaming , but it 's loud and intense
620	so metallica is your favorite band from that genre ?	yes , of that genre . i like grunge too . soundgarden was good
621	while the overall concept of orcs draws on a variety of pre existing mythology , the main conception of the creatures stems from the fantasy writings of j . r . r . tolkien , in particular " the lord of the rings " .	i hope you do n't scare to easy . i have tales to tell you of orcs like in lord of the rings .
622	oh sweet . on the contrary i am interested in creatures like orcs . there are many different kinds though .	yes , beside being fictitious and humanoid , there is a large group from different media .
623	okay sure . they are often characterized as a vicious and ferocious creature . i hear they eat their own kinds ?	that could be true . references go as far back as the 16th century , so i 'm sure they have done that .
624	the 16th century ? wow i am surprised . i wonder who first thought of the creatures back then . or they may be a mythological creature i guess ?	you can thank beowulf . that would be some the earliest references in literature . .
625	visual acuity ( va ) commonly refers to the clarity of vision .	i have amazing eyesight ! some people will call it a good visual acuity !
626	lucky ! i have horrible eyesight . i have to wear glasses . does visual acuity mean 20 20 or better ?	it just refers to how good or bad the eyesight is . some people have refractive errors or abnormalities in the shape of their eyeballs .
627	i 'm guessing refractive errors make it harder for them to see ? how good is your vision ?	yeah , definitely makes it hard to see . it changes the way the light is focused onto the retina . my eyes are pretty aawesome !
628	you are so lucky . i am nearsighted , so whenever i take my glasses off , i 'm practically blind .	ah too bad . at least it can be corrected by optical means , like glasses . or if you 're interested , laser surgery .
629	laser surgery freaks me out ! i would love to do it , but the thought of it scares me . what do you think about contact lenses ?	i would get grossed out by the idea of putting a thin lens directly on the surface of the eye . what about you ?
630	influencer marketing ( also influence marketing ) is a form of marketing in which focus is placed on influential people rather than the target market as a whole .	i 'm just now hearing about influencer marketing , a form of marketing where focus is concentrated on influential people rather than those people want to target .
631	i have never heard of that . walk me through it please .	what it does is identifies the people who have influence over potential buyers , and directs the marketing toward them rather than the buyers themselves .
632	you mean like celebrities or ivana trump ?	sort of . the influencer marketing may come in the shape of testemonial advertising where the , e . g . , celebrity plays the role of a possible buyer .
633	i may have seen some commercials like this on tv , but no examples come to mind . the idea is for me to relate to the influencer and want to be like them so i buy the product , is that correct ?	exactly . the influence is not so much about persuasion but more about interactions between various parties , in this case the celebrity and the person watching the commercial .
634	most of my friends are extroverts , but i 'm an introvert	those terms were popularized by carl jung ,
635	how long ago ?	not sure , but they are typically viewed on a single contiuum .
636	is there typically a 50 50 split between the two ?	no it is widely varied . extraverts tend to be outgoing and talkative , whereas introverts are more solitary and reserved .
637	how many extraverts are there compared to introverts ?	not sure , but everybody has both an introverted and extroverted side , its just one is more dominant .
638	i did n't realize that ! are there any other similar theories about it ?	it is a central dimension of human personality theories .
639	i do n't like dogs , do you ?	i like dogs buddy , its a good pet . it perform many roles for people
640	what role does buddy performs ?	it is a good protection for our house and one of my family member .
641	really , i think dogs are carnivorous in nature but someone it is being tamed , what do you think ?	it is good assisting for police and military
642	yes it is , but it is risky to own a dog because of visitors	no . if we trained it will be quiet . in olden days it is mainly used for hunting
643	1984 is an incredible book . george orwell has a great mind to predict such a future .	yes , the novel features a setting where people are victims of constant war and surveillance by the government
644	i had only read the book because a teacher assigned it but i would like to get into some of his other work . are you familiar with any of it ?	another of his books is animal farm . but in 1984 , the main character , named winston , is employed to rewrite history
645	oh i already like that just from the title . does winston succeed ?	ultimately no , he is mentally brought to submission by the " thought police " for his thoughtcrimes of independent thinking
646	that 's terrible . it 's a shame that in this day and age there is a version of that same thought police .	yes , george orwell himself felt like he was a victim of the thought police when he disagreed with the prevailing ideas of british society
647	i love the show greys anatomy	greys anatomy is a medical drama that premiered on abc in 2005
648	did it win awards	the series is set in seattle , but it is filmed in la
649	i wonder how many seasons they have had	the series was designed to be racially diverse and used color blind casting . they 've had quite a few seasons
650	i might have to give it a watch	the show focus on the lives of surgical interns , residents and physicians in the hospital
651	i think fashion design must be a very interesting career .	i think it would be since it is influenced by cultural and social attitudes , it would be so different depending on where you live at
652	true , and it could be fascinating designing clothes that make a statement about people who wear them . do you know when it began as a profession ?	the modern industry run by individual designers started in the 19th century ! its been around for a long time
653	yes but not as long as people have designed clothes . i guess maybe before that , the people who sewed the clothes designed them too . do you know where one can study fashion design ?	i think they have schools for people interested in that work , but i also think a lot of it depends on how well a designer can interpret fashion trends based on the research they do
654	i agree , but i believe yuo need some technical skill to to transmit your design ideas to the people actually making them .	that is totally true , it would be hard to design clothes and especially accessories . someone would have to teach me how to design a bracelet or necklace !
655	i love ilving in michigan ! its so pretty here !	i really like grand rapids , love living in a larger city .
656	yes , its just the traffic that i dont like . im a country girl at heart	i like it because its economically diverse , i work in information technology .
657	wow ! what an interesting job ? do you like what you do ?	i have a bachelors in information technology , and i work for a company that helps people handle property taxes and flood insurance .
658	do you work alot of hours ?	i deal with a database that holds information for specific properties nationwide and determines flood risk factors , so yes , lots of hours , lol
659	i bet its very interesting everyd ay	yes , i have worked there 11 years , but its been really tough since my hemorrhagic stroke 4 years ago .
660	chocolate cake is my absolute favorite !	i know mine too ! it is also called chocolate gateau ( from french words ) and it is a cake flavored with either meltd chocolate , cocoa powder , or both .
661	i 've not had that variant . the one that i like most uses a mayonnaise in it .	you should chocolate cake has a history ! it goes back to 1794 when dr . james baker discovered how to make chocolate by grinding cocoa beans between two massive circular milstones . it 's been around for a while so as you can imagine thousands of recipes have come up since that time
662	are there any good books about chocolate cake that you know of ?	the only book on chocolate i have is one on keto , but you dont want to try it unless you are actually on keto because it will taste a little different haha . but there is a band in melbourne austrailia called my friend the chocolate cake . would be funny if their favorite cake was strawberry though
663	yeah , i imagine keto chocolate is unsweetened , so would be a little more bitter than normal . what genre of music is my friend the chocolate cake ?	they are a contemporary band ! they won two aria music awards for it . two of their albums are " brood " and " good luck " :)
664	i 'll have to look them up . do you enjoy ice cream with your cake , or just chocolate cake by itself ?	both . i can eat chocolate cake for breakfast lol ! but that wasnt possible for those in the 1800s because until around 1900 chocolate recies were mostly for drinks and whe it came to cakes it was only in fillings and glazes . that is upsetting to hear but at least we know better now haha .
665	blue is my favorite color .	that 's cool . blue is one of the three primary colors in traditional color theory and the rgb color model .
666	i like blue cause it is the color of my eyes .	nice , i like blue as well . it lies between violet and green on the spectrum of viewable light .
667	blue	the eye can perceive blue by observing light with a wavelength between 450 and 495 nanometres .
668	i painted my room blue last week .	nice , most blues contain a mixture of other colors . usually green and violet are mixed in .
669	a housewife is a woman whose occupation is running or managing her family 's home caring for her children buying , cooking , and storing food for the family buying goods that the family needs in everyday life housekeeping and maintaining the home and making clothes for the family and who is not employed outside the home .	many people just do n't realize how much a housewife does these days . she manages the home , which is a full time job ! cooking , cleaning , caring for the children , shopping , etc .
670	yes i can imagine ! there is so much work involved with a house and having kids .	now these days , many call a housewife a stay at home mother sahm , and the stay at home dads are called sahd . which was n't very popular until the last 10 years or so , for dads to stay home .
671	yes , it is a new thing with more woman working . it 's a lot of work to stay home thought . i think i would get tired of it .	yes , i guess it depends on each woman . many feminists believe that it is ignored in the formulations of economic output , like the gdp , and believe it should n't be .
672	yeah , some people have extreme opinions . i think there is a more even playing field these days .	yes , it is . the issue of all of the work that a housewife does , but yet does n't get a check and really depends on the husband for all of the financial dependency , no doubt has been a major problem for many housewifes .
673	do you know if they can " tax " their time spent at home ? like in income tax ?	i 'm not really sure , they should be able to do it though . the british dictionary has a few unique definitions for housewife : the mistress of the house , a female domestic manager , a pocket sewing kit ... the sewing kit threw me lol
674	hello i have been in two car crashes in my life (	i am sorry to hear that , traffic collisions can often result in injury or even death , were you injured in your two car crashes ?
675	the first one when i was a boy , i broke my leg	oh no that is terrible . there are a lot of factors that increase the risk of car accidents , like drug impairment due to alcohol , was someone impaired when it happened ?
676	no just my mom was and still is a terrible driver :)	oh i see , well driver skill and vehicle design , road design , and road environment are also important factors that contribute to the risk of a collision , so it makes sense .
677	back then when it happened we only had lap seat belts and no one wore them , so it was riskier	wow that does sound risky , i 'm glad cars are so much safer now , especially because accidents are so common , 54 million people sustained injuries from car accidents in 2013 alone !
678	a farmer ( also called an agriculturer ) is a person engaged in agriculture , raising living organisms for food or raw materials .	a farmer is aperson engaged in agriculture
679	interesting . are you a farmer yourself ?	no but many people around me are farmers who deal with agriculture
680	ah . i bet its hard work . my desk job seems much easier !	yea being a farmer and working with food and organisms seems hard
681	it 's great that they do what they do , or else i would n't be able to get my fresh fruits and veggies from the farmer 's market on the weekends !	yea i would hate being a farmer
682	the collie is a distinctive type of herding dog , including many related landraces and standardised breeds .	ever heard of a collie ? its a distinctive type of herding dog including many related lanraces and standized breeds . familiar ?
683	yeah collies are absolutely wonderful dogs .	oh good youve heard ! well fun fact they actually originated in scotland and nothern england !
684	that 's so cool ! what else do you know about them ?	a lot of collies have a special whie pattern over their shoulders . they are medium sized and have a pointed snout .
685	that 's interesting ! i had no idea !	yup . collies are active and agile , most of them have a very strong herding instinct . i would definitely like to meet a collie one day because ive only met small dogs .
686	i love the vancouver grizzlies team do you know much about them ?	i know that the vancouver grizzlies basketball team are from canada out of vancouver , british columbia .
687	yes and they are now the memphis grizzlies	yes i heard ! they relocated after 2000 2001 season to memphis , tn .
688	basketball is such a fun sport i am glad the seasons are so long .	agreed . in memphis baseball , golf , and tennis are real popular too .
689	yes i 'd rather check out vancouver i heard it 's beautiful . i wonder why they moved .	not sure ... but remember memphis is the 2nd biggest metropolitan area in tn . that means a bigger crowd .
690	oh that 's true probably more ' fans ' there than in vancouver since basketball is so popular in the us , right ?	right ... knoxville is in tn too . it 's the county seat of knox county . i want to go there too .
691	good burger is a 1997 american comedy film directed by brian robbins and it stars " all that " and " kenan kel " stars kenan thompson and kel mitchell .	have you ever seen the movie good burger ? it was released in 1997 and it 's a great comedy !
692	i love good burger , such a classic	i remember when it was just a sketch on nickelodeon 's " all that . " did you watch that show ?
693	oh my god thats so much nostalgia , i watched it all the time	such a bad way for dexter to start the summer . bad idea to take his mom 's car for a joyride !
694	haha yea its very fun to watch it all go downhill tho	yes ! if he never would have caused 1,900 to mr . wheat 's car , he never would have had to get a summer job at good burger ! so avoidable !
695	i love dogs !	really ? me too ! well , who doesnt ? you know , the dog was first species to be domesticated by man
696	thats very interesting i had no idea dogs were the first to be domesticated . can you tell me more about dogs ?	sure , they vary greatly in size , shape and color ?
697	very interesting . my favorite dog is the yorki	oh yeah ? mine is the french bulldog , such an adorable animal !
698	oh yeah i love those dogs . my cousin just bought one	french bulldog ? ask him to bath it regularly , they get really smelly , lol
699	what are your thoughts on taxing the wealthy more than the middle class ?	i think it 's a good idea because wealthy people are a lot more wealthy than middle class . we 're talking about millionaires .
700	yes , they have earned more more money but in part because of their extensive work and education . i have mixed feelings about this . i do n't think they should be penalized for hard work .	i do n't know , but i 'm glad the decision on such things is not up to me . income inequality has fluctuated considerably since 1915 . in the years 1950 1980 it was a little lower but now it 's probably the highest it 's been .
701	i completely can see the disparity in incomes in america . i just have mixed feelings about whether or not those who have worked hard should be penalized . it does n't seem fair .	yes , tax policy and economic inequality in the us is a huge topic , tax policy affects the distribution of wealth a lot .
702	it is really important for americans to understand tax policy and where our leaders stand on this issue .	yeah and the tax cut in 2017 affected major elements like reducing tax rates for businesses and individuals .
703	no passages used	hey there ! i love how collies can be good herders .
704	i do too . i love collies in general .	most collies are very active dogs . their herding instinct is really strong .
705	yes , definitely high energy . is there something specifically that collies are generally used to herd ?	i think they are good at herding sheep .
706	i see ... if i remember correctly , was lassie a collie ?	yes , lassie was actually a rough collie .
707	hello ! i really love dogs , especially terriers . what about you ?	i love dogs too of all shapes and colors , i have three dogs myself
708	what are they like ? i have one dog his name is ringo . he is very stubborn , but a good boy and very funny .	i have a rat terrier named squirt and a french bulldog named bella who really is mans best friend , very sweet
709	do they all sleep in bed with you ? ringo is not allowed to sleep with me , because he has bad gas and tries to lick my face at night .	no they do not , i have a anatolian livestock guardian dog , named thor , that is amazing the way he protects livestock
710	wow . does thor act like a pet or is he all business ? does he attack intruders ?	thor is a sweet obedient pet but he will not go out of hearing range from the livestock , even in bad weather , he is dedicated
711	does thor eat the same amount of food as a regular dog his size , or does he need more because he 's working ?	working dogs eat more because they are active and always outside , he also has a insulated doghouse
712	i was born in greece but moved to the us when i was really young , so i do n't remember a whole lot about it .	that 's too bad . greece has a long coastline along the mediterranean basin . that 's the 11th longest coastline in the world , in fact !
713	very interesting ! what else do you know about greece ? i 'm intrigued !	it was once referred to as the hellenic republic !
714	really , where did it get that name from ?	i 'm not sure where the name originates from , but the first hellenic republic was created during the greek war of independence .
715	very interesting ! my mom loves to make a dish called moussaka that she said she learned from there . what other kinds of cuisine are they known for ?	i 'm not sure what the other types of greek cuisine are .
716	that 's okay ! what are some locations you would suggest i visit if i ever go there ?	i would recommend checking out mount olympus . it 's the highest location in greece !
717	my brother plays high school football . he 's really good at it . do you know anyone who plays in high school football ?	i do n't now , but my boyfriend played when he was in highschool ! high school football is one of the most popular sports in north america .
718	yes , it is very popular . i 'm not sure what year it came to be ? i do know many people who watch it and get really into the super bowl .	i think it started in the 19th century , around when college football started . at one point college and high school teams even played each other , which seems crazy now .
719	that is crazy ! i had no idea that used to be . i wonder who would win more often ?	if i had to guess i 'd say college since today college football is considered a step above high school ( but still below professional ) .
720	yea that would be my guess as well . it 's crazy how times have changed . high school football is important though , because it molds the stars of the future !	definitely ! the other traditions are fun too i played in the marching band in high school , which is what made me interested in football in the first place .
721	that is awesome ! my niece is a cheerleader and her boyfriend is on the high school football team , so it is pretty much a common interest in our family all around !	did you ever watch the show friday night lights ? i got into it late , but it 's so good . i love kyle chandler as coach taylor .
722	it is one of the simplest and most efficient means of communicating visual ideas .	hi ! how are you ? i love do draw , do you ? it is one of the easiest ways to show ideas in visual form .
723	hello . yes i find drawing to be very relaxing .	me too . it reminds me of when i was little . i would draw and listen to the australian children 's group called hi 5 .
724	i 've never heard of them , are they a good group ?	it was when i was a child . it consists of five performers . they teach you with different songs and fun things .
725	that sounds cool . so they were like an educational group .	they were . it was a cool thing they had going . they did the show , but were also recognized as a musical band out side of the show .
726	neat ! was the name of the show hi 5 also ?	i think so ? if i remember correctly . they were sorta like the monkees , that were on tv in the late 60s and early 70s if you remember them ? they had a tv show but were also a band .
727	brunch is my favorite meal out of all .	brunch is great . it is the combination of breakfast and lunch usually eaten during the late morning .
728	yeah and since i usually do n't eat a lot of meals during the day brunch is perfect for someone like me .	brunch usually has alcoholic drinks such as a champagne or cocktail . no wonder it is so popular .
729	haha , yeah , that 's what most people like about it . i myself do n't drink alcohol for my brunch but i 've seen people doing it .	brunch originated in england in the late 19th century .
730	oh i did n't know this . do you know anything else about brunch ?	yeah it became popular in the united states in the 1930s .
731	that 's quite early , i thought it was a newer thing , it seems to be popular nowadays as well .	brunches are often in a buffet format but there are also menu ordered brunches .
732	the place at which beer is commercially made is either called a brewery or a beerhouse , where distinct sets of brewing equipment are called plant .	so , interested at all in breweries ? i 'm a financial analyst for one and i help with the equipment that makes the beer commercially !
733	i do have an interest in brewiers .	yeah , it was kind of hard not for me to get into them . we 're surrounded by them where i live , especially since there 's like 3,000 of them in the us
734	where do you live ?	milwaukee ! yeah , my dad thought i was crazy when i said i wanted to get into them . i 'm glad it 's changed from the old days where only women worked in them while they baked and made beer .
735	i love milwaukee , one of my favorite cities .	yeah , i love it here , especially since it helped me find my passion in breweries . i just think it 's so neat how they have so many different processes and automated functions to produce all these kinds of unique beers
736	i like watching sunsets sometimes . do you ?	i like dusk.its the end of an astronomical twilight and its the darkest time before night .
737	i do prefer that time of day . what do you like about it in particular ?	i just like how its not very common and it dosnt last . its just ashort moment of darkness before the twilight and its so inpirational
738	do you pay attention to it often ?	yes , i try to if im not distracted with an external internal source .
739	that 's cool :) what else is neat about sunset ?	i like sunset boulevard . its an american movie made in 1950
740	i 've heard of that . what 's it about ?	its a movie about a guy and a lady , the lady draws the guy into a fantasy world of some sort .
741	man , my back is constantly hurting . having chronic back pain really puts a damper on everything .	from time to time i will get back pain . usually after i 've been doing some heavy lifting . it 's usually a dull ache in my lower back .
742	yes , lower back pain is the most common type of back pain . i have pain there also . i believe bad posture can make it worse too .	my symptoms for low back pain usually improve within a few weeks if i take it easy . they say 40 90 of people are better by six weeks .
743	those are good odds . i 'll keep my fingers crossed that i 'm better by six weeks . do you recommend back stretches or anything like that ?	a friend of mine who has chronic pain typically goes to a chiropractor who specializes in treatment of mechanical disorders of the skeletal system . they manipulate his spine .
744	wow . that sounds pretty intense but i 'm sure it must improve his symptoms . have you been to a chiropractor for back pain services ?	no i will n't go . i feel that a chiropractor is at odds with mainstream medicine . many doctors feel that it 's pseudoscientific and not based on sound science .
745	that 's a good point . it 's risky to put a body part as important as your spine in the hands of someone you 're not too sure is qualified to tweak with it . could come out worse than when you went in .	i am not a big fan of any alternative therapies . they are not a part of medicine and science based healthcare practices . i will go to my doctor , who has a medical degree .
746	nyc seems like a super cool place to visit one day .	i know , i 'd love to visit new york city at some point in my life .
747	it seems like it would be very busy but would love to go grab food at all the cool places	good point , with it being so densely populated there has got to be some amazing food there somewhere .
748	yea it seems like it would be so expensive too .	yeah , i guess i 'll have to save up before going the the southern tip of new york then .
749	ill visit sometime in the next 5 years myself .	that would be really nice . it is basically a cultural and financial power city at this point .
750	i love the idea of christmas , where people trade gifts to show how much they love and appreciate each other .	me too , although it is obviously the annual festival commemorating the birth of jesus , i think it is such a magical time of year !
751	the magic of the gifts carries over , i think , from the childhood belief in santa claus , and the faith that on christmas morning , you will get something awesome .	that is so true . i love all the different christmas traditions from the presents to the christmas tree , turkey dinner and the advent calendars and wreaths . it is such a wonderful family time aswell .
752	i like the different color schemes popular at christmas time : blue and silver and snowflakes red and green and fir trees and silver and gold accents with everything !	it is very beautiful and i love the fact that although it is a traditional christian festival , many non christians throughout the world culturally celebrate it too so it brings people together from all over .
753	yes , that is cool . it 's like an echo of the original roman adaptation of the pagan winter festival that turned into christmas . i like the multicultural idea that all earth cultures are the heritage of the entire earth !	i love your thinking on it all . that is definitely a great way to look at things . i remember as a child taking part in the nativity play with joseph and mary and the donkey travelling to bethlehem and ending up in the stable . it is lovely to think of all the other kids throughout the world doing the same christmas plays and celebrating together .
754	yes , joseph and mary 's trip to bethlehem is an important story of christmas . it 's humbling to see how the christian savior was born in humble surroundings .	indeed and two thousand years later the world still celebrates it all
755	ice cream ( derived from earlier iced cream or cream ice ) is a sweetened frozen food typically eaten as a snack or dessert .	i really like ice cream and have been sad lately . which means i eat a lot of ice cream because they make me feel better .
756	yes , i like ice cream too . especially in this hot weather in the summer . do you ?	i do too . have you ever heard of bacon ice cream ? this is a surprising combination but it 's good !
757	i have heard of it , but never tried it . i like rocky road pretty good what 's your favorite flavor ?	i like a simple vanilla . neapolitan is good too .
758	yes , and vanilla is perfect a la mode ! do you like it with pie ?	i do , this is a wonderful combination . speaking of vanilla it reminds me of vanilla coke , that 's a good flavor .
759	the tomato ( see pronunciation ) is the edible , often red , fruit of the plant " solanum lycopersicum " , commonly known as a tomato plant .	i actually do not like tomatoes even though i will eat ketchup and spaghetti sauce . i think a tomato has a weird flavor by itself .
760	i can relate to that ! i feel like the textures of tomatoes are what throw me off . the flavor itself is n't so bad . pizza sauce is good too . do you like pizza ?	i love pizza ! i make , in my opinion , the best made from scratch pizza with homemade garlic dough . we make bbq chicken and bacon and tons of cheese .
761	that sounds delicious . how much would it cost to have a couple larges made from scratch and delivered tonight ? ha jk when it comes to brand name pizza which one is your favorite ?	i love most of them all ! pizza is my weakness . i can n't name an absolute favorite but probably my least favorite is little ceasars .
762	i feel like little caesars changed their recipe sometime within the last 20 years . it used to be better than it is now . i agree though not my favorite . i like dominos and papa johns . do you like them ?	domino 's crust is very good . pizza hut changed their recipe so i love pizza hut again . especially the stuffed crust with the garlic butter sauce .
763	i would like to try sky diving . have you ever done it ?	i sure have ! , ive been skydiving my entire life , i always bring a strong parachute with me ! , would you be interested in learning more about parachuting ?
764	yes i would ! please tell me more . do you need to do a course or something ?	well not really its more or less just learning free falling which is a period during the parachute has not been deployed and the your body gradually accelerates to terminal velocity which can be up to 200mph !
765	okay cool . do you have to practice in an air tunnel first or something ?	you can if you want but there was a guy names garnerin that tested his skydiving contraption by leaping from a hydrogen balloon , so that method is better than being in a small wind tunnel .
766	haha .. i do n't really have any hydrogen balloons at the moment . do you know how long people have been doing skydiving ?	i think the first ever intentional freefall jump with a parachute was not until a man named leslie irvin attempted it way back in 1919 .
767	nice ! i remember hearing that there were a lot of unsuccessful attempts . people making bird wing type stuff . have you heard about these ?	yes i think so , they have suits they are typically flat shaped with wings but vary , ive even seen some that look like weird rectangles , inverted domes , and other weird suit designs .
768	no passages used	i am huge fan of bruno mars.do you follow him ?
769	i do not necessarily follow him , but i do love his music .	he is from honolulu , hawaii and his family are also musicians .
770	what kind of things do they do ?	they played music in honolulu when mars was a little kid .
771	what kind of music ?	bruno is songwriter , multi instrumentalist , record producer , and dancer .
772	when did he get into the music industry ?	his debut studio album " doo wops hooligans was in 2010.the hits of the album were " just the way you are " and " grenade "
773	no passages used	i love to run , even when i 'm not very fast
774	well why do n't you run down to the library , do a little research , and tell me about the history of running as a sport !	i will even when you seem to be quite knowledgeable and i 'm very curious . athletic is a term encompassing the human competitive sports games , among these sports is running .
775	great . is running ever bad for you ?	not , on the contry it has many health benefits . could you tell me when athletics in general became popular ?
776	no i think you 're teaching me stuff here bud . what kinds of health benefits ?	you are the are the expert here . i only know that athletics is one of the earliest sports .
777	i 'm a brand new baby to the world of running . what other sorts of things do you do in athletics ?	but you are an expert in athletic , are n't you or that is what i was told . i only know a little aboyt running because i enjoy it . i ptrain for taces from 5k to the marathon .
778	i watch a lot on youtube . when was it launched ?	hello , do you like the youtube ? i know it 's headquarters is in california
779	how many viewers has it had ?	you do seem to ask alot of questions for someone so small . i know that google bought youtube back in 2006 .
780	what kind of videos does it have ?	it has alot of videos . some user generated and some corportate . it 's pretty amazing all that can be on it .
781	who has the most views of all time ?	if i can remember correctly , justin bieber has the most total views of all time .
782	hi there , i have a big beard !	nice ! im going to guess that you are a male because in humans at least , only males are able to grow beards !
783	oh yes , i am , but surprisingly enough , there have been cases of women with beards !	that is remarkable ! the beard comes from a vstigial trait from way back when humans had hair on their face like the hair on gorillas !
784	wow , i did not know that . there are many similarities between us and gorillas , it 's remarkable .	yes ! some religions even consider a full beard to be essential for every male to have and mandate them to grow one !
785	that 's bizarre . beards often have a lot to do with genetics and some males cannot grow a proper beard .	right ? also in some cultures where facial hair is uncommon its associated with poor hygiene or being a ' savage '
786	i could see that . the variance in cultures is what makes life on earth so special , everyone is so unique .	i agree ! its really cool ! i think when people shape their beards in different ways is really interesting as well !
787	i have two cats they are really nice	they are often called housecats when kept as indoor pets
788	mine are inside outside i live in the country	oh that s cool do they hunt vermin or provide company ?
789	yes they are good company but my female is a better hunter than my male	cats like to vocalize do yours meow at each other ? do your cats meow at each orher ?
790	eh sometimes but they are mostly quiet unless i have treats then they get very loud	acan you show them ? www are they pedigree cats or farm cats ?
791	no my female is a black tortoise shell calico though i doubt shes full blooded and my male is just an alley cat	sounds like a good mix even though they are a small and furry pet i dont have one
792	game of thrones is an american fantasy drama television series created by david benioff and d . b . weiss .	i enjoy the watching game of thrones , david benioff and d . b . weiss really nailed it when they created this fantasy drama series ! do you watch it ? "
793	yes i love it . i can n't wait for the next season !	i have n't been able to watch it in a bit , but would like to soon . i know it is inspired from george r . r . martin 's novel series , ' a song of ice and fire ' . have you read any ?
794	i have not , i am not sure if i can handle the complexity of it . how many books are there ?	i do n't really know , but i 'm sure they 're great . hbo started the series in 2011 , so it 's been going strong for awhile now .
795	do you know how much longer the show will be on ?	it 's actually going to finish up with it 's eight season , which will be out in 2019 . i think i will have to binge watch a few seasons to catch up by then .
796	it will be sad when it 's gone . i really love kahlessi !	yes , they have some great characters on there ! it 's been filmed in many locations . some of them are belfast , uk , canada , malta , morocco , spain , iceland and even the us . so many exotic places !
797	i live in a small , rural area . i like it though because you know everyone in your community . do you live in a big area ?	i live in an area that you could n't really call urban or rural . i live in a little fishing village .
798	oh wow , that 's really interesting . what country do you live in if you do n't mind me asking ?	i live in the united states . i 'm just in an area located near a lot of good fishing grounds . we have great seafood .
799	oh i had no idea such villages existed in the us . i guess pretty much everyone there works in the fishing industry then ?	most of the fishing here is via angling or netting so there are only a few commercial fisheries . most people do n't actually fish except for recreational purposes .
800	oh i see . what are the most common kinds of fish caught there ?	when it comes ot fishing with a rod and reel , the most common commercially caught fish here are called grouper .
801	i want to learn how to salsa one day .	both the dance and the salsa music originated in the mid 70s in new york
802	i didnt know that . i thought it was in latin america for some reason .	different regions of the us and latin america have their own distinct salsa styles .
803	i see . is there a specific inventor of the dance ?	that part i am not sure of . salsa dance socials are often held in night clubs and ballrooms .
804	is there a famous night club to dance the salsa ?	i am sure there are a few , but it is also popular at outdoor festivals .
805	science fiction is difficult to define , as it includes a wide range of subgenres and themes .	hi there ! hope you are well ! science fiction is my favorite genre of movies and books , though it includes a vast range of sub categories and such .
806	i 'm a fan of science fiction as well . do you know of kurt vonnegut ?	his name sounds familiar . is he an author ? i am a huge fan of isaac asimov . he was an author , and also a biochemistry professor .
807	yeah he was a science fiction author , probably his most famous work is slaughterhouse five . i know isaac asimov , he is credited with coming up with the three laws of robotics .	yes ! those rules made their debut in isaac 's short story , " runaround " !
808	yeah i knew that , i knew you were a fan of science fiction !	very much so ! i have n't spoke to anyone else that knows of isaac . wish i was around when his " runaround " was published in march 1942 .
809	that was so long ago , not to toot my own horn or anything but i consider myself pretty well read haha .	it 's important to be , so many are n't these days . authors are n't what they used to be . take asimov , for example . he wrote or edited more than 500 books ! what modern day author do you know that has put that much effort into writing ?
810	south park is an american adult animated sitcom created by trey parker and matt stone and developed by brian graden for the comedy central television network .	hi lets talk south park it is an american adult animated sitcom
811	i lov esouth park !	trey parker and matt stone did a great job creating a show like this that has lasted for years
812	they really have . i especially loved the movie , south park : bigger longer and uncut . satan was hilarious .	never got a chance to watch the movie but eric cartman , and kenny mccormick are very funny
813	they 're probably my favorite characters . kenny is always dying in some weird way .	yes i love how it is surreal humor that has meaning in the lives that we live lol
814	they 've made quite a few celebrities mad over the years too have n't they ?	yes was't there some drama over it a year or two ago i guess some may not like the dark humor
815	no passages used	i love music and singing for fun . karaoke is one of my favorite late night things to do .
816	i love karaoke too ! which songs do you like to sing ?	i like all kinds , but radio hits are always really fun for the crowd .
817	i always felt like 80 ' s were more of a crowd pleaser .	yeah ! i 've especially always liked singing madonna at karaoke . her music is so versatile . you can range from r b vibes to dance pop .
818	what is your favorite madonna song ?	probably la isla bonita . i love the cuban influence .
819	no way ! it 's mine too ! do you like bon jovi ?	haha , my ex loved bon jovi so it 's weird for me . he was always singing " have a nice day "
820	i really love animals , do u know about armadillo ?	i know a little bit . i saw a giant armadillo in a museum . apparently they eat a lot of ants and termites !
821	wow , really , never knew they eat ants	i heard they will eat larger things too , even snakes . can you believe that ?
822	wow , snakes ? how big are they please ?	i 'm not sure how large of a snake an armadillo will eat . i bet there 's a big difference between the giant armadillo and the teeny pink fairy armadillo in the size of prey they like though .
823	ok , i meant to say the size of the armadillo , is it a big animal	the giant armadillo is a couple feet long , but the pink fairy is a few inches . is n't diversity amazing ?
824	field hockey is a team sport of the hockey family .	i was too scared to do hockey as a kid , i should have considered to do field hockey
825	yeah , hockey can be a scary sport . what is field hockey , though	well field hockey is n't on ice , it 's actually played on turf , or grass , and even indoors .
826	oh , i see , so it 's basically the same game , yes ? when was it invented ?	yes exactly like it but on land ! it 's earliest origins are back to the middle ages , as far as the netherlands too
827	oh i see , what about ice hockey , what are it 's origins ?	i am not sure , but it is most popular in canada russia and the united states
828	i wish i would 've taken a cinematography class in college . i would love to learn more about the art .	cinematography is really fascinating ! the word comes from two greek words , " kinema " and " graphein " .
829	interesting ! how does it work ?	well , there are actually two types . electronically or by using an image sensor , which uses film . which would you like to hear about ?
830	i 'm really into movies and film .	i like traditional film based cinematography too ! it 's an intricate process where a series of invisible latent images are captured on film stock , then later are chemically developed into a visible image .
831	that 's so interesting . do you know who came up with the process ?	hmmm . i 'm not sure about that , but cinematography has changed the world ! not only in the entertainment industry but in the fields of business and science as well !
832	i did n't know that it was used in other fields . how is cinematography used in business ?	i 'm guessing because businesses are able to use film to show consumers their product in a way that was n't possible before film . short films can be traced back to 1895 , but i do n't know how businesses showcased their products before its existence .
833	no passages used	have you ever been an extra ( background actor ) in a film or show ?
834	nope . i have a face for radio .	well , it seems like they are looking for all types of people to appear in a nonspeaking capacity in the background of scenes in movies . easy way to make a few extra bucks ...
835	i guess that i 'd consider doing it if the opportunity was laid before me but i do n't imagine myself expending great energy to get and extra role .	i know what you mean . however , my city tends to have a lot of film crews coming in and they advertise for background actors and require little to no acting experience .
836	there is n't a lot of filming going on in my city . i live in tampa , florida .	i from tampa too . how funny . there have been a lot of films made in ybor city and around the beach areas . there 's one now in lakeland i believe .
837	interesting . i must have my head in the sand then .	maybe not . i have n't done too much research on it , but it seems like i do see more of an interest in our area . i read it 's a lot cheaper than california .
838	a steak ( ) is a meat generally sliced across the muscle fibers , potentially including a bone .	steak is my favorite meal . i cook mine in single malt scotch . as long as you cut it right across the fibers when you eat it 's amazing .
839	i love steak it is so good	it pairs well with a nice single malt scotch form the inverness region .
840	that sounds great	do you prefer beef steak , pork steak or fish steak ?
841	beef of course	i think i prefer beef , kangaroo , ostrich and fish . i was recently in france and they had camel and horse steak but i could not make my self try it .
842	i bet that tsate gppd tpp !	if you have never tried it , get a kangaroo steak if you have the chance . amazing .
843	i would love to have a dragon to train .	yes like the childrens books and movies . that would be fun
844	to live back in those ties , dragons would be ideal pet .	yes , have you ever read anne mccaffrey 's dragon riders of pern series . they train their dragons also .
845	i dont think i have but that sounds so interesting and fun .	it is . if you like to read you should check them out . there is a bunch of books in the series . her son look over writing them in 2003 . his name is todd mccaffrey .
846	thanks for the information . i will search it and read more .	the series has 23 novels and a few short stories . i 've read them all and am now reading them to my children .
847	my favorite phone is iphone	they 're great smartphones ! they 're also made by the company called apple .
848	who invented iphone ?	the company apple did , as they designed and marketed it .
849	so who founded apple ?	it was co founded mainly by steve jobs , as he was also the chief executive officer of apple .
850	when was apple officially lunched ?	im not sure of the exact date , but i do know that they created the iphone , ipad , the mac , and also the ipod .
851	the city of new york , often called new york city or simply new york , is the most populous city in the united states .	i live in the city with the most people , i live in new york .
852	oh i love new york ! my favorite place to go is chinatown . i 've been there for new year 's too .	i like chinatown too . also , little italy , which is north of chinatown , is pretty awesome .
853	i have never been to little italy ! do they have good food ?	they used to have more but currently they only have a few restaurants . the food is good though .
854	i 've always wanted to try new york pizza . i have actually never had it , but i hear that the city 's water is what makes the pizza taste so good .	the pizza is good . it 's also a good city to visit if you 're learning a language . about 800 languages are spoken here !
855	sewing was used to stitch together animal hides for clothing and for shelter .	are you big into handicrafts ? i really like sewing and it has such an interesting history , apparently we used to stitch animal hides together for clothing .
856	that is interesting . i 've actually never heard of handicrafts .	i just meant making little hats and what not . i 'm more of a hands on person , i do n't use a machine even though that 's what 's led to the mass production of so many sewn objects .
857	i 've always wanted to learn to use a sewing machine . i 'm the first generation that does n't know how to sew .	it 's so convenient , because it eliminates the need for needles and thimbles , but it just does n't have the same feel to me .
858	i wonder how thimbles came to be . they 're such an interesting invention .	well , the word derives from the old english ma , which is related to the word thumb , so perhaps it was an invention of necessity
859	pepsi is one of the leading softdrink brands and really popular in the north .	pepsi 's original recipe included sugar and vanilla . pepsi is so tasty !
860	i love their rival coca cola , did you know pepsi was originally called brad 's drink ?	yes ! it was created in 1893 by caleb bradham , and renamed in 1898 .
861	bradham was a phrmacist and he sold it at his soda fountain .	it was interesting how it was originally marketed , for it 's digestion aid and to boost energy .
862	right , well if it had cocaine as an ingredient like coke did , i bet that it gave people a lot of energy !	that 's for sure , he managed to sell 7,968 gallons of syrup in 1903 . i bet it was really sought after .
863	wow ! amazing that these drinks were medicinal when they originated .	in 1904 , he added in small six ounce bottles and increased sales to 19,848 gallons , nearly triple !
864	italian cuisine is food typical from italy .	italian cuisine has some of my favorite food ! do you have a favorite italian dish ?
865	i love italian food . espcially veal parm and garlic rolls .	i agree , veal parm is delicious and nothing beats a well made ravioli dish ! do you visit italian restaurants frequently ?
866	ooohhhh . i love raviolis as well . with grated cheese on top is the bomb !	for sure ! we have a few italian restaurants nearby and they never fail to serve great food each time we go .
867	your lucky to have great restaurants near you . i love angel hair pasta .	yeah i agree , angel hair pasta is delicious . i do n't think i 've tried pasta with rice flour as opposed to wheat , but i 've heard good things about it .
868	i do not like wheat pasta . i have tried it several times and could care less for it .	yeah i know a few people who typically eat it with rice flour because of gluten allergies and they always seem to love it .
869	hi , i love dishes with in chicken in them . what is your favorite ?	i like plain and simple , usually just cook it with barbeque sauce or italian dressing . just can n't go wrong .
870	what are some italian chicken dishes ?	chicken parmesian is a good one . italian chicken dishes are one of the most popular in the world .
871	what is the best way to cook chicken in your opinion ?	good old kfc in my opinion . colonel sanders is much better at cooking chicken than i am . i think his first restaurant was open in kentucky during the great depression . how do you like to cook chicken ?
872	i also like it deep fried . what are some good mexican chicken dishes ?	good question , maybe just good ole chicken fajita 's . i do n't cook many mexican chicken dishes .
873	what is a good chicken dish for those who are on a diet ?	beer can chicken might be a good one . it 's a barbecued chicken dish and you put the beer in the chicken 's cavity before cooking . do you have any favorite recipes ?
874	a widow is a woman whose spouse has died and a widower is a man whose spouse has died .	hello , i 'm michelle . i 'm a newly widow , my husband died a few years ago .
875	i am sorry to hear about your loss . what was the cause of your husband 's death ?	he and his sister rosamund were in a car accident , unfortunately .
876	that must be very painful . i am very sorry . what date did he die ?	time heals the unbearable pain , fortunately enough . it was march 25th , 2013 .
877	i am so sorry . have you met any other person ever since	no one yet ! i 'm thinking he 's out there somewhere though . what about you ? are you married ?
878	do you like beagles ?	i like the fact that beagles are scent hounds , but i also like herder dogs .
879	i did not know that , what else did you know about beagles ?	well , beagles are very intelligent , but they are single minded : scents !
880	cool . what other dogs do you like ?	oh i love almost all dogs because they have the ability to understand and communicate with us humans ! you ?
881	i love poodles .	i always thought poodles were a little dumb , but apparently they are the second most intelligent dog , right behind collies !
882	fly fishing is a particularly fun pasttime	yes and what 's funny is that it 's an angling method that uses an artificial " fly " to catch fish !
883	do you like going out on a boat ?	i like being on a boat but typically fly fishing uses casting a nearly weightless lure with different techniques than other casting .
884	what kind of techniques are used ?	the fly is cast using a fly rod , reel and specialized weighted line
885	what other types of lures are common ?	various " fly " lures and the fly line , which is usually coated with plastic , is heavy enough to send the fly to the target
886	what kind of fish are best to catch that way ?	well , techiniques for fly fishing differ among habitats , like lakes , ponds , small streams , rivers , bays , oceans , so there are different fish in different habitats
887	i love rides on cruise ships	a cruise ship or cruise liner is a passenger ship used for pleasure voyages , i 've never ridden on a cruise !
888	that is true . really ? myself and a friend rdgabmomoh had one last summer	i 'm sure that was fun , transportation is usually not the only purpose of cruising , it is mostly the amenities that people go on cruises for .
889	yeah . it has a casino inside	wow that must have been a big ship ! usually ocean liners have larger capacities for fuel , food and other stores for consumption .
890	you are right	yeah have you ever ridden on a transoceanic liner or just a cruise liner ?
891	pizza is a traditional italian dish consisting of a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven .	i love traditional italian dish consisting of a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven aka pizza !
892	yea sounds like you are a pizza lover like me	of course , sometimes you can top them with vegetables , meats and condiments !
893	when was the word pizza coined ?	it was first recorded in the 10th century , in the southern italy town of gaeta in lazio
894	how many types of pizza do we have ?	well the modern pizza was invented in naples adn the dish has many variants that have become popular in many areas in the world
895	what kind of equipment is needed to make modern pizza ?	many of the restaurants , cafes and fast food outlets use pizza ovens !
896	i love the baltimore orioles and worked for the team for a while . i looked up to the players , especially cal ripkin !	they are based in baltimore , maryland are n't they ? i have heard of them !
897	they are ! do you know when the team was created and established ?	as one of the al 's original eight charter franchises , they were established in 1901 !
898	that is amazing ! i did n't realize the team was that old ! who owns the team ?	the team 's owner is lawyer peter angelos . he loves going to watch them !
899	i imagine so ! has the team ever won the series ?	they have made six world series appearances , winning three of them !
900	allergies , also known as allergic diseases , are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to something in the environment that usually causes little or no problem in most people .	allergies are so fascinating to me , especially considering that they are actually allergic diseases .
901	i agree and have always been confused as to how they happen . what causes allergies ?	they are actually caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to certain things .
902	whats the most common thing that causes allergies ?	peanuts is a common one , but it can be to food or it can be something like asthma or anaphylaxis .
903	i get asthma attacks especially around dog fur , i guess that would be an allergy , i assuming .	it is ! what symptoms do you get ? red eyes , rashes , and sneezing are common .
904	my parents are divorced now . it makes me sad	do you have separation anxiety from it ? anxiety is the worst .
905	anxiety is definitely bad . it is hard to deal with	you must worry about the future and have fearful reactions to events .
906	yes it is hard to not worry about what the future holds	are your thoughts negative and repetitive and uncontrollable ?
907	yes . i am constantly worrying about what is going to happen .	have you ever read the children 's book firewing ? i think it could help you .
908	i rather love comic books . i am an avid reader of the walking dead . do you have a favorite comic book ?	no i do n't read comics much , i do play the walking dead video game which is based on the comics and published by telltale games
909	me too ! i cannot wait for the final season to see how they end clementine 's story arc .	there 's actually music composer named benjamin clementine , really solid music
910	do you follow music more closely than comic books ?	yes ! i love everything from the beatles to earl sweatshirt . lately i 've been listening to the new record " humanz " from the virtual band gorillaz
911	neat . i have not listened to that record , but i did rather enjoy the song feel good inc . back in the day .	mf dooms work on demon days in general was just top notch , that dude is so good
912	from my limited exposure to mf doom , i would have to agree . i need to explore music a bit more .	it 's pretty cool , his last name is " dumile " hence the doom part and he borrows imagery from the comic character doctor doom
913	a slacker is a person who habitually avoids work or lacks work ethic .	i have a co worker who is a slacker . they avoid as much work as possible and have no work ethic . it makes me crazy
914	a slacker ? is that another term for a lazy individual ?	yes , it is . i think it 's funny that the term dates back to about 1790 . i can n't picture people talking like that back then .
915	so who first couch the word ?	i 'm not totally sure about that , but it started to be used in the us during wwi . people who avoided military service were slackers and the attempts to track them down were called " slacker raids "
916	that 's interesting ! have you ever been called that name before ?	me ? no . i try to alway pull my weight , although some days i feel like i want to be a slacker . in 1940 " time " quoted the us army on managing the draft saying " war is not going to wait while every slacker resorts to endless appeals .
917	i always wanted to work on a chocolate factory	manufacturing chocolates using machinery seems like it would be fun .
918	can you imagine how good it smells over there ?	imagine how their warehouse smells where they keep their chocolates and equipment used for assembly line production .
919	i bet it smells sweet and delicious :) what equipment is used at the factory ?	well factories that manufacture chemicals usually have tanks and pressure vessels .
920	how interesting . i would like to know more about factories	early factories that only have a little bit of machinery , and a small amount of employees were called " glorified workshops " .
921	kentucky ( , ) , officially the commonwealth of kentucky , is a state located in the east south central region of the united states .	have you ever been to kentucky ? its a state in the east south central region
922	i 've driven through part of it . i did n't get spend any real time there . is it nice ?	it is very pretty , its considered the blue grass state .
923	i love different natural areas in all the states . i do n't know much about kentucky 's .	well , kentucky is known for their horse races , moonshine , coal , tobacco and college basketball , just to name some .
924	i tried moonshine once and my throat burned for about an hour . never again !	ive never tried moonshine but i see that it is a generi term for distilled alcoholic beverages made with different ingrediants . it souds dangerous .
925	husky is a general name for a sled type of dog used in northern regions , differentiated from other sled dog types by their fast pulling style .	i like huskies . they are sled type of dogs
926	oh yeah they are so cute when they are puppies . i bet they like the cold weather .	that is true . huskies are used in cold northern regions with
927	i think they are more outside dogs than inside . wonder how they fair in warmer climates ?	they are outside dogs . they are used in sled dog racing
928	yes , you have said that , but i 'm wondering it the climate makes any difference to them . how big do they usually get ?	the climate makes a lot of difference . the word husky originated from eskimos
929	do you play any musical instruments ? i really love piano and would really like to learn how to play it	i do n't anymore , i played baritone saxophone in school , i could play simple stuff on the piano .
930	saxophone is a beautiful musical instrument	i like watching how a piano works , how pressing the keys causes the hammers to hit the strings and make sound .
931	that 's interesting . i did n't know that 's how it works !	electric pianos are similar , but the strings are metal and the vibrations are caught by magnetic pickups , like a guitar .
932	wow , that 's pretty cool !	it is amazing how something invented around 1700 can be timeless yet transformed to make new sounds too .
933	hiking is the preferred term , in canada and the united states , for a long , vigorous walk , usually on trails ( footpaths ) , in the countryside , while the word walking is used for shorter , particularly urban walks .	i love hiking , in canada and the united states people go for hikes everyday !
934	i love hiking also . especially in canada .	, in the united kingdom , and the republic of ireland , they call it " walking " instead .
935	that is interesting , i wonder why ?	well the word hiking is also often used in the uk , along with rambling . but that is more of a old fashion thing .
936	i have never hiked in the uk .	in australia they call it bushwalking instead of hiking . kinda neat huh ?
937	yes , i wish i could visit australia .	vigorous walk or hike is called tramping in new zealand .
938	no passages used	hey there . are you a big football fan ?
939	actually i am ! i like the new york giants	nice ! they play in the metlife stadium in nj right ?
940	yeah they do ! which is funny because most people think they play in new york because they are not called the new jersey giants	yeah . i just moved to nearby the stadium , and the jets play there too .
941	haha , i knew that too ! it 's really difficult making the new york giants schedule for the season , i bet .	yeah , they must have some unique arrangement and schelling issues .
942	speaking of football , i cannot believe the philadelphia eagles finally won a superbowl ! my dad has been an eagles fan his whole life and he was in tears when they won !	yeah , they 've lost the superbowl twice . it was sucha good game this past year .
943	i really enjoy fishing , especially when the fish are biting !	which technique do you use , hand gathering , spearing , netting , angling , or trapping ?
944	mostly angling ! i really like using worms and small fish as bait .	there are a lot of people who fish for a living the total number is around 38 million fish farmers and commercial
945	wow ! i guess they make good money . i have heard of people who fish in tournaments .	fisheries and other aquaculture provide employment to roughly 500million people worldwide ! i guess people do like it then lol !
946	neat ! yes that is a big industry ! and there are the everyday people who like to go to the store and get fishing supplies .	yes , although those people provide food by their efforts for many , there are that many more that do it as a recreational pasttime .
947	stefani joanne angelina germanotta ( born march 28 , 1986 ) , known professionally as lady gaga , is an american singer , songwriter , and actress .	i love lady gaga , stefani joanne angelina germanotta ( born march 28 , 1986 ) , known professionally as lady gaga , is an american singer ,
948	what is her genre of music ?	she 's all weather , follow up ep , " the fame monster " ( 2009 ) , featuring the singles " bad romance " , " telephone " , and " alejandro " , also proved successful .
949	that is great . i am a great fan of " alejandro " .	i love the fame , she rose to prominence the following year with her debut album , a dance pop and electropop record titled " the fame "
950	she must have ascended to fame quite fast . now she is a household name .	oh yeah , its title track also became the fastest selling song on itunes with over a million downloads
951	really . ! i guess a million downloads translates to many dollars as well .	exactly , the album really topped the us charts
952	do you enjoy heavy metal music ?	i have not listened to much of it but i know it got its start in the 1970 ' s . it was largely happening in the uk
953	oh , interesting . do you know where else it is popular ?	it became popular in the us with led zeppelin , back sabbath , and deep purple
954	i always forget about deep purple . do you like them ?	i do not know much of their stuff but they were the guinness book of world records loudest band in 1975 .
955	oh , wow . i wonder how they measure the ' loudest ' aspect .	i do not know but it was due to a concert they played at london 's rainbow theatre .
956	have you ever been to london 's rainbow theater ?	i do not but sweet live released an album full of live tracks that they played there .
957	confidence has a common meaning of a certainty about handling something , such as work , family , social events , or relationships .	do you agree that being confident in something means you are certain in it ?
958	yes i agree with that	i also agree with that . it is very important to be confident in everything that you do in life . even when you pee .
959	ha , yes especially then .	it is very important that you are not over confident though . no one likes arrogance . as kid rock said , it 's not cocky if you say you can do it and back it up .
960	very much so , some people are just confident all the time !	go another direction with this conversation , do you about kid rock ? he has had a very long 20 year career .
961	my brother 's son appears to have autism . they 're still going through the early stages of figuring that out . i want to be prepared to be as helpful as possible with it .	they parents usually notice the first signs within two or three years .
962	yeah , i think that sounds about right for my brother and his wife . what are some of the effects of it ?	it affects information processing within the brain so many situations are not fully understood by people with autism .
963	understandable . can you give me some more obscure specifics that might be harder to find or understand ?	the symptoms usually develop gradually meaning that some children with autism are able to reach early developmental milestones but usually worsen with time .
964	some blanks are starting to get filled in . so , what 's one last thing you really think i should know , that you think is important ?	the disorder is caused by genetic factors as well as environmental ones .
965	i love chocolate , it 's not only delicious but actually has a lot of health benefits .	i love it too ! i can n't believe its earliest use is traced back to mexico in 1900 bce .
966	chocolate	it is cultivated by many cultures .
967	interesting , how was it originally made ?	it is made as a liquid , paste , or in a block .
968	cool do you know any of the health benefits ?	no i am not sure .
969	where does the name " chocolate " come from ?	it comes from the cacao seeds that it is made from .
970	do you like rita hayworth ? she was quite good looking	i do like rita hayworth . she was an american dancer an actress .
971	did she ever win any awards for acting ?	the american film institute listed her as one of the top 25 female stars of all time .
972	wow , that 's interesting . what was your favorite movie that she was in ?	i have n't seen the film but i know one of her greatest films was " cover girl " which she filmed with gene kelly .
973	i never saw that movie . i will have to check it out !	she was also known as a top pin up girl in the 1940s for gis during wwii .
974	lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles , with over 6,000 species , ranging across all continents except antarctica , as well as most oceanic island chains .	i love lizards even thou there are none in antarctica .
975	what do lizards eat ?	they are mainly carnivorous .
976	what is the origin of lizards ?	i am not sure but i do know there are over 6,000 species .
977	wow . are they dangerous ?	i am not sure but they go from a few centimeters long up to three meters long .
978	how do they sleep ?	i am not sure but i do know they are territorial . the males fight off other males .
979	the golden retriever is a large sized breed of dog bred as gun dogs to retrieve shot waterfowl such as ducks and upland game birds during hunting and shooting parties , and were named ' retriever ' because of their ability to retrieve shot game undamaged .	i have a golden retriever puppy . she loves to chase and retrieve things . they are hunting dogs .
980	thats nice . do they use them for people that need disability assistance ?	as a matter of fact , they do . they can be used as a hearing dog for deaf people or as a guide dog for people who are blind .
981	yeah thats right , i think i heard about them being used as guide dogs . what type of temperament do they have ?	they are so friendly and gentle . they do n't make good guard dogs , they are too nice ! they are one of the most popular family dog breeds in the us .
982	aww makes me want to get one . how does american golden retrievers differ to the british or canadian ones ?	interesting question . i 'm not aware of any differences . i know the breed is very popular in other countries , like brazil , australia , and the uk .
983	yeah i was wondering as some dog breeds differ from country to country . do you know their lifespan ?	i believe they live to be about 10 years or so . i 'm finding i have to be very careful not to let mine get loose , as this breed has a very strong instinct to roam .
984	i have 2 siberian huskies . they 're the derpiest dogs ever but that 's just part of their charm .	i love huskies . they are great sled dogs known for their fast pulling style
985	i 've never hooked mine up to a sled but i might this winter to see how they do	the term husky actually came from the arctic eskimos
986	really ? i never knew that ! i just thought it was because they were big boned husky	nope , although that makes sense . they are often used in sled dog racing .
987	what 's that race called ? i can n't even pronounce it much less spell it lol	nope , although that makes sense . they are often used in sled dog racing .
988	a trumpet is a brass instrument commonly used in classical and jazz ensembles .	do you like classical or jazz ensembles they usually include a trumpet .
989	i love jazz . the horns are so relaxing .	the trumpet group contains instruments with the highest register in the brass family perhaps that 's why they are used in those type of ensembles .
990	that 's interesting . i wonder how old is the trumpet .	historically they have been used as signaling devices in battle or hunting since 1500bc only as instruments in the late 14th century .
991	wow , i wonder if any modern day tool will again become an instrument later .	it is an interesting concept to think about because now trumpets are used in orchestras , concert bands , jazz , as well as popular music
992	parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical , emotional , social , and intellectual development of a child from infancy to adulthood .	my father is very strict . he does n't really support my physical , and emotional needs .
993	oh , i 'm sorry to hear that . do you still live with him ?	yes , but i would rather my legal guardian be my aunt , uncle , or other family member .
994	i understand . have you expressed this to any of your family members ? do you see a therapist ?	no , my father is n't even what you would call a " good enough " parent because my health is deteriorating under his care .
995	i would suggest calling child protective services . you need to talk with your aunt or uncle .. someone you can trust .	my mother was a good enough parent because she adapted to my needs when i was an infant , but she died early on .
996	i love hockey , i did n't used to but it 's really great to watch with the family	i also enjoy watching hockey .
997	of all places , here in the hot state of florida , we have a hockey team , can you believe that ?	here in scotland , my favorite hockey club , grange hockey club , does n't have the problem of being too hot .
998	i figured everywhere was too hot nowadays with all the climate change . my family in the midwest is experiencing 90 degree weather , very uncharacteristic for that area even for summer	i know what you mean . i wish there was n't so much global warming and climate change denial . maybe if we admit that we have a problem we can try to fix it .
999	yes , for us in fl it 's getting very hard to deny , last year we experienced a hurricane so massive they had to make a new category for it . wrecked my families houses in pr	wow , that sounds terrible ! i think for me , the most storm activity in our area was 2010 . there were winter storms , hailstorms , flooding , all sorts of terrible weather events .
